Alright,

so welcome to part four, which is going to be on VSLs.

I would call this section one,

so to speak, because it is, well,

not because, there's two sections. This section is

kind of like an inner mezzo, but I decided it was important to put

this here, okay? We have RMBC,

Research Mechanism Brief Copy. The brief section after this is phenomenal.

It's super, super, super powerful.

And it's going to show you how to create a brief that you can

use, put into LLMs and cloud projects,

and pump out endless copy.

And that's what the section two of the VSLs training are

part two which is part six. Sorry, I hope this isn't confusing.

But you'll see in the course, it won't be in a Google Drive,

you'll have it in a course, like, you know, layout when you're in there.

Right, so part six is like,

you're taking your brief, you've got all the data you need,

you're pumping out VSLs. Okay,

a lot of things are going to come together in the next section. The

reason I'm doing this part on, like,

copy after RM is because because

as you go to create these new briefs that you're going to see in

the next section, I think it's helpful to have the end in mind,

to understand the structure of long,

short, medium, form VSLs,

some stuff about hooks. Like, a lot of, like,

that understanding, I think, is going to help you Contact Actually,

when you do the brief, and then when you go to generate copy in

part 6, right? Part 4 is this section,

part 5 is briefs, then part 6.

If you are, like, a super knowledgeable VSL person,

and you know a ton about VSLs, there's still value in the

examples and breakdowns of long,

medium, and short VSLs. I may reference them later in the video.

You may wish to spend some time on them,

but it's not essential that you go through this.

There's still value to be had here, for sure,

but it's less essential than if you are really newer.

If you're newer, you should really watch this training,

which is me going through, you know,

the breakdown of different sections of VSLs, uhm,

part by part, etc. Stuff I did in CA Pro,

I did include it in some VS Bundle, some of the core trainings,

but then I have specific actual VSL breakdowns for medium,

short, and long form VSLs.

Those are valuable, especially on the medium, I really would watch the medium length

ones, or at least one of those, maybe the Neuro one. There's only two,

I think, it's Neuro and MiamiMD, I kind of would watch both,

honestly. Uhm,

short ones, I think,

and then you go on to briefs and parts about actually just pumping out

tons of copy, okay? Uhm,

so yeah, that's it, intro, enjoy,

and then for those of you who are going to watch the whole thing,

you'll see it step-by-step, it goes from, like, an overview,

the structure of VSLs, leads, each part,

you'll watch that, then you'll look at specific examples for long form,

for medium length, for short form. Uh, there's a few other things,

again, on hooks and ADHD ads,

as I call them, but it's basically generating tons of hooks, uhm,

that I put in this section, so that does give you, like, a quad

project in this section,

but it's sort of, uhm,

really about understanding hooks better, and then from there,

going to the brief and the copy. Alright, thank you.