Hello, and welcome to RMBC2.

I am Stefan, I am so happy you are here,

and I really believe you're going to be very happy with your decision as

well. I am tempted to just give you endless superlatives

about how powerful and good and breakthrough-ish

this course is, but,

you know, rather than tell you,

I'll just let you see it and experience it for yourself, and you tell

me if you agree, okay?

What I want to do in this quick video is just share a broad

overview of what is inside as we get started,

um, and then you can dive in,

okay? I'm recording this a couple of days before the launch,

so I don't I'm not going to be showing you inside the members area

yet. I'll probably maybe do a new video, uh,

you know, walking you through the members area once we have that all set

up, but this is still,

I think, good enough to show you what to expect,

okay, and how it's organized, and you may have seen the outline I shared

previously, but it changed a little bit as I was creating the course,

and I think for the better. So the first thing you're going to see

after this video is like the kind of intro foundations

section, which is going to go over kind of what is copywriting,

what is direct response copywriting, uh,

what sales funnels look like in 2025, why

context is king, and then sort of a broad overview of the RMBC2 approach.

Okay, this is a really important module. It's going to set up everything else,

and I will be honest with you, there's a lot in RMBC2,

but I really would recommend trying to go through as much of it as

you can, uh,

I really believe if you do that, you are going to have a better

understanding of direct response marketing,

direct consumer marketing, e-com,

and just selling online than,

you know, pretty much anyone who, almost anyone who doesn't go through it,

uh, in Foundations Part 1,

one of the big parts we're going to talk about, this will be a

recurring theme throughout RMBC2,

is the importance of context, and when we talk about that,

we'll be talking about it in a few different frames.

There's one frame is

platform specific. So what do I mean?

I mean that the sales funnel journey,

the journey from somebody who maybe doesn't

have any idea of the brand or the product,

uh, you know, that you're selling,

or the service that you're selling exists, you know,

goes from unawareness about you to

buying. Right? And that looks kind of different on

meta and native and it also is different depending on what you're selling and

the pricing and all these other things. I'll talk about this in the foundational

model, um, or module, but it's also

really heavily about product and market awareness.

And again,

I don't want to repeat myself. Cause I'll talk about in the next module,

but basically the, you know,

the thing to understand is like the way you sell to somebody who knows

your product or service exists, or who's really actively looking for a product

or service, very similar to what you are offering or you're writing copy for

is different than somebody who is vaguely aware that they have a problem and

kind of wants to solve it, but isn't looking right. And so there's a

lot of importance of context. And I actually think it's one of the key

things when it comes to writing great copy and,

uh, you know,

effectively converting people from prospects to customers online.

So we'll go through all of this in the foundations. I won't over,

uh, share, over explain here.

We then get into deep research. and essentially there are four

steps. in the core research process and then I included a section on ingredient

research too for people who write supplements. But we're going to look at product

market awareness, what I just mentioned. And I'm going to give you for all

these, I mean, they're kind of bulleted out. I got more

in depth with my, what's included as I went later in this outline, so

maybe I'll add to it. But basically, uhm,

you know, what it is, why it matters, and also,

uh, A deep research process for

doing product market awareness for any product,

service, what have you. Alright,

so, sorry, I decided I wanted to add more stuff, so I paused it

and restarted, So,

kind of what I just said about product market awareness, that's here,

okay? competitive research, you're gonna get a deep research process.

for creating another document that

does competitor analysis, right? So, again,

not just understanding who the competitors are,

but what kind of claims do they make? What do your prospects,

in their specific level of product market awareness,

right?

Like, what did they like about your product? What the competitor products? What do

they dislike?

this is really helpful, because, you know, you are,

even if the, even if your prospect customer

isn't, like, aware of your product or service,

like, they're aware of other competitors who do similar stuff.

Like, at a broad level, maybe, other companies,

make money online, people, whatever it is,

right? So, we want to understand that Psychographic research is really what the original

R was in the original RMBC Uhm,

there's a deep research prompt for that, uh,

but again, what's important in going back to product market awareness is you're going

to see how to do that and understand the psychographic

research, uhm, and that's kind of the deep psychological drivers for your target customer,

uhm, based on their level of product and market awareness.

And so, again, this will be one of the first things we go through,

uh, right after the intro module. Uhm,

but it's actually going to really flavor a lot of what we do,

especially for all copy,

but especially on the, the kind of VSL side. Really everything,

though. Uhm, okay, then you're going to have,

at the end of this, three different research documents.

One on product market awareness, one on competitor awareness.

I hate how, uh, Loom does the thumbs up thing when you do a

nice, I don't know how to turn off that setting, but it's the stupidest

thing. Okay, one on product market awareness,

one on competitor research, one on psychographic research.

They're going to combine them into one unified research document.

There's a really easy prompt. You just basically feed them the quality,

say, combine them into one, you know. Uhm,

and why is that important? That's important because when we're When we go to

generate copy and really go through RMBC, we want to have this one sort

of like ultimate research document that's got everything about the product market awareness,

what they like, what they don't like, their psychological drivers, their hopes and dreams,

everything, right? We have this perfect brief, kind of,

brief's not the right word because I have a brief later, this perfect document

that is all the kind of research information

we would need to write great copy.

Okay, and then I also include a,

uh, deep research prompt,

I usually use perplexity as you'll see, for doing ingredient research,

so if you need to get studies, claims, citations,

all that, I mean, you can do it for any supplement formulation,

takes like less than five minutes, it's solved, it used to take hours to

do that for people, it's like five minutes now, it's so nice,

uhm,

okay, so, RMBC, that's research.

Thank very much. Then we're going to be going into mechanisms.

Most of you probably know what a mechanism is, I'm the person who popularized

it, really gets talked about a ton these days,

it's kind of cool, uh, to be the person who popularized it,

uh, so,

yeah, we'll go through an overview of what unique mechanisms are for those of

you who don't know, and then we're going to do a bunch of really

cool AI processes for coming up with unique

mechanisms. So we'll do ideation with large language models,

we'll see how to use, again, deep research to come up with actually very

good, unique mechanism ideas, we'll see examples for,

um, Airbnb arbitrage,

we'll see an example for supplements,

I think I do one for, gosh,

what's it called, I do a bunch, let me tell you, hold on a

second, I've got my folder here,

uhm, an eye serum,

uh, so skincare, Airbnb arbitrage,

and then, uh, I think I share a couple other examples too,

in there. After that,

I think the two I focused on the most were eye serum and Airbnb

arbitrage, like a high-ticket coaching

offer, it's like a hypothetical one, uhm, there's a process for evaluating them,

because what happens is, you'll get, using these processes,

several really good, potentially unique mechanisms,

so how do I pick which one's the best? Well, I give you a

process to use LLMs, I should probably say,

you know, to evaluate them,

it's really cool, it's not, uhm, you know, if you have a ton of

experience, you don't need to depend on I talk about this throughout,

but like, basically, this is a way that if you're between a couple of

mechanisms, or you're newer, and you're not sure which mechanism to go with,

this is a pretty consistent reliable process that will show you what to do.

Then you'll see how to expand any unique mechanism ideas you have into,

kind of, copy format, and the importance of that,

and then they'll show you a quad project setup that,

uh, helps to write out those unique mechanisms.

But, really,

like, the big thing here is that you'll be able to understand the mechanisms

well, and you'll be able to to generate unique mechanism ideas,

and then select the one that you're happiest with.

Okay, so RMBC.

So, YSB here and C here. What I decided is,

before we got to the brief, and then generating copy,

it made sense to put a pretty long core training on,

uh,

sales copy and especially sort of video sales letters.

But when I say video sales letters, in the original RMBC,

that was really, you know, 15 or 20 to 50 minute,

hour-long VSLs. Okay, and that's still a thing,

um, but these days,

when we talk about VSLs, a lot of them are going to be 6

to 18 minutes long as well,

and they're going to be in feeds, so they're going to run as meta

ads. Uh, others are going to be 3 to 7 minutes long,

and then a lot of them are going to be really short,

like 2 minutes, uh,

a minute and a half, 2 minutes, and they're kind of like video ads.

So VSL video ads sort of start to get, for meta ads especially,

start to get kind of, uhm,

interchangeable, and you'll see that. There's also a training on hooks,

something I call ADHD hook video ads, which are like VSLs,

but they're 3 to 7 minutes long,

uhm, they're a really effective format,

nobody talks about this publicly to my knowledge, but it's really cool,

you'll see some really cool breakdowns from like VShred and Svelte,

people like that. And there's a little module on the difference between in-feed and

on-page VSLs that's actually very important. So basically the reason I'm going through VSLs

here is because then we're going to get for creating briefs that you can

use to write these different VSLs.

And the brief is only valuable,

and the projects for VSLs are only valuable if you really understand how VSLs

work. So that's why we're doing this in-depth training on VSLs and the different

structure and all that. Then we get to the brief,

brief 2.0. Why I call it brief 2.0?

It's very, it's a dramatically expanded version of the brief for anyone who went

through RMBC1, right? So the brief is sort of like a page that like,

here's what you need to go write your copy. In RMBC1 you'd have,

you know, the target market, what's the product, what's the mechanism,

things like that. Then you would take that,

you would reference it, you would follow an outline while you're writing a video

sales letter. We're using AI primarily in RMBC2.

Pretty much all the writing in RMBC2, the heavy writing,

is done by AI. And then we are more of the commander.

We are coming in and we are like, like, we're the boss,

we're the copy chief. So we get copy from Quad mostly,

but it can use other elements too. You'll see examples, LLMs too.

And we're saying, hey, this is pretty good, but what about this,

what about this? You also see how a lot of the processes,

using Quad projects, for example,

having the referential material, telling Quad,

hey, give me the game plan. What does the outline look like? What are

the different elements? Make it in depth. Okay, and by this is true for

PDPs, advertorials, everything. All right,

it looks pretty good, but what about this? What about this? This doesn't make

sense. We need an idea here. What about this, right? We're thinking about copy

more than we're writing copy. You're more like a copy thinker than a copywriter.

And that was a really nice little insight I just had. Bam,

you're welcome. Thanks for the $9.97 or $8.97 or whatever the hell I charged.

It was $8.97 for the presale for a few people, but thanks for the

$9.97, because that's like the biggest shit.

It sounds stupid, but it's true. You're a copy thinker,

not a copywriter. Okay? If you don't like it,

this is so valuable, of course, but that is reality for where we're at

in 2025. So, you have to understand what you're doing,

what copy looks like, all of that, and then you've got the brief,

right? So, the brief is like those elements,

but now, because we're using LLMs, we're basically taking the mechanism,

we're taking the research, and we're putting any of their product details,

like the ingredients, whatever it is, and we're writing a 25-point document

that we're going to give to LLMs that they can then use to write

VSLs, ads,

advertorials, email sequences,

everything else that we're doing. And you're going to see how to,

like, I'll go through the brief process with you, you'll see how to use

Clawd, the Clawd project, to set it up,

that sets it up I can't talk. You'll set this Clawd project that will

generate the brief, and then you will be able to,

uh, go beep, boop, bop, and it does it.

I mean, I kind of wanted to show you a really quick example as

like a spoiler here, and I'm going to do it. So,

give me a moment. Wait for it,

wait for it. Okay. So

there's a bunch of these, but let me show you an example.

in this brief generator project, in this case,

I'm like, hey, I want you to do a new brief for our brand,

Opal Beauty's UDI serum. Here's a product page where you can pull in inputs.

Gave it this one.

Gave it this unified research document.

Gave the UMP and UMS.

Okay? So,

basically, go ahead and write a brief. In this case,

I gave it a website, which we'll talk about that. You can, you know,

for anything where you have existing pages, it becomes very easy.

Here's the brief. And you'll see how it just sort of goes through everything,

right? Demographics, psychographics,

what are their pain points? Now, again, I'm going to go through this in

a whole module. Big promises.

What does it look like when their pain points have been solved? Emotional empowerment.

What solutions exist? What did they not like? What's the unique mechanism?

What are nicknames for it? What are the main ingredients and what are the

studies, which we, you know, had from perplexity?

What are bold claims that we can make, right?

What are emotional transformational claims? What's the product?

What are the key benefits and fascinations? What makes it unique? Background story.

In this case, we started with a, uhm,

you know, placeholder thing. Here, who's the main speaker?

Who's the secondary expert? What are the details of the brand?

What are testimonials? What are credibility builders?

What are medical endorsements? What is industry recognition?

What's the normal retail price? What's the actual price?

What are the multiple option savings?

What's the guarantee? What are the the scarcity elements?

What is future pacing? What do results look like?

Uhm, what are the objections and answers?

Uhm,

what are specific hooks you could test? Okay? That's pretty cool,

right? And what's neat is,

and kind of crazy, cause in that case,

like, well, you gave it,

uh, a website. It's like, that's true.

So, let me show you this one.

I literally just said, here's an ingredient research.

Basically, during a new brief, use placeholders for now.

And it created this brief. This first brief was,

uh, kind of more like a ClickBank style,

like, oh, Sarah's this mother of two,

she has this horrible blood sugar,

you know, she's high blood sugar, she needs an expert,

so we should see if we could ClickBank type of Then I was like,

um, hey, that's great, let's do a second version where it comes from a

doctor. Okay, shares a patient, so about a patient who's at their wit's end,

he helps them discover the real reason for the blood sugar issues.

And it's like, okay, and this one, you know,

doctor's here, right. So it created essentially,

but it even created a unique mechanism that wasn't bad. Now, again,

in the process you'll see, like, you'll have a unique mechanism,

you'll have all that, but the point is you've got this really awesome brief

that you can just, you know, just immediately, uh, work with,

right. So hopefully that, you can see how that's valuable.

Then we get to copy part two. And so I know this is already

kind of a long intro video, but it's important,

I think, for you to see how this is all gonna go before we

get into the, uhm, the, the overview,

like, uh, part one, you know, kind of overview of the state of direct

response marketing. So, again, you've done your research,

you've got your unified research document, you've done the mechanism,

you understand copy really well, if you didn't already,

then you have the brief. Now you've got this brief, this amazing document that

you could use to write, and now it's time to create copy.

And so here, we're going to use quad projects,

and we have quad projects for long VSLs, medium length VSLs that are six

to 18 minutes, let's say, three to seven minute VSLs,

short VSLs, and you'll see how we just basically give it,

the quad projects, the briefs, we say,

here's a brief, um,

write a VSL, basically, and that's what it does. It's pretty wild,

right? Um,

again, if I'm making this module too long,

let's see here. Sorry

guys,

I'm just trying to find a quick example. And there's a bunch,

we're just pulling from quad projects. how

do you say it, like, I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show you really

quickly, like.

Here's a comprehensive brief, it should give you everything, please write it,

give a little bit of detail. In this case, I'm telling you,

like, a story, because we didn't have one, if you saw a skincare one.

I'm like, hey, here's a story we could do. Go ahead and write it,

okay? And it gives you, it'll give me an outline.

It gives me an outline, Gives me outline,

again, revise, cool, let's go ahead and write it, and this is for a

medium length VSL, but it goes in and writes it,

and I promise you as we get into these, uh,

projects, and you see them, like, the copy's quite good, and you'll see it,

but you'll also see, very importantly, uhm,

and I should almost put this in here, like,

uhm, like, one of the really,

one really important element is, sorry,

I wish this was another bullet, but basically,

copycheating, feedback, tweaking,

all that, right, uhm,

cause you're copycheating too, okay? After that,

we'll get to a mid, uh, mid-course recap,

and I'll sort of be recapping at that point all the things I've talked

about in this video, but you'll have more understanding, So I'll be like, again,

hey. Cause there's a lot, you're gonna go into the weeds,

I have this in my little intro module, uhm,

like my opening module thing, but basically,

you kinda go through how to come back out the other side,

to like heaven, right, uhm,

and so, it might feel like a little bit,

like, man, like there's a lot going on here, but when we zoom out,

Bye. It's a pretty

simplified process, so go back, this is my one, you know, you start here,

the bowels of marketing hell, you make it to the other side,

which is sort of like heaven, right, uhm,

but basically, like, RMBC,

it's just different, you're using LLMs, it's actually way more efficient,

it's way faster, and you can create any type of copy,

like, with this sort of setup process you're gonna create,

you go through and understand the theory of it, understand the why and the

how, you can just create any type of copy, right,

so from there we'll go into advertorials, and for everything we do with these

things like advertorials, you're gonna look at, like, tons of case studies,

what's the purpose, why long ones versus short ones,

what are common elements, where did we start before the advertorial,

we started the ad, we went to the advertorial, took us here, where's here,

it's a product page or a landing page, number 9,

or maybe the checkout page, right? Maybe go check out page,

maybe it goes to a VSL, you know, like, why,

and why does that happen, why, what's the psychology,

what's the thought process, why does one advertorial go to this

short, like, right to a checkout page, another one goes to a VSL,

another one goes to a short product page,

you're talking about the product, one goes to, like, a e-com product page that's

really long, kind of like a, like a text sales letter,

like, what's the difference, right? And if you don't know what any of these

things mean, don't worry, because that's what all these modules are gonna do,

they're gonna explain it all to you, alright?

So, we'll look at a bunch of examples,

we'll do walkthroughs, and then, sure enough,

you'll have a cloud project for setting up and generating endless advertorials of any

length for whatever platform, doesn't matter. Similar thing with product pages,

right? We're gonna understand, you know,

why are some product pages short,

why are some long? Like,

I've been loving, I don't know if I can find this, let's see here.

It Like, one of the examples we do in the course is this

at-home clingy spray. These guys have a great eComm product page,

right? Super sexy, really nice,

uh, love it. Uh,

another brand we look at in the thing is this Clarifion Odorex,

which this is an advertorial, which you'll, you'll see many times as we go

later, right? But their product page,

wait for it, wait for it,

we're waiting, we're waiting,

we're waiting, we're waiting,

and we're here. Their product page is basically like a checkout slash product page.

And this is it. Okay,

so why do these guys have a product page like this that's

really just a little above the full thing,

product selection, pay, FAQs,

and meanwhile, these guys have this much longer,

really sexy, highly formatted page.

Why is that? Well, you'll find out as we go through.

We'll do tons of examples for everything,

like supplements, you know, devices,

uh, some,

like, uh,

like, uh, high ticket, like, uhm, like, uh, like book a call funnels,

all these things. And then you'll see how to use AI to create outlines

from, oh, I should say, sorry,

winning PDP structures. And then instantly generate new

ones. So,

similar concept here, uhm,

and really good. Like,

you'll love it. It's great. You can just write endless product pages and you'll

see that, you know, with our friends at Quad.

I use Quad a lot. Alright,

part ten. Ten, checkouts.

So, this isn't a super long module,

but it's kind of important and it's good, right? So,

here, you know, the checkout's pretty,

like, it's a weird checkout. But let's go to Emma,

like Emma really, which does a digest or something, right?

Okay, let's go one time purchase, one pack,

claim your supply. Okay, this is Emma's checkout.

We will also be looking at mobile, for those of you wondering,

like, you know, we'll typically do this. So,

here's the product, checkout,

right? Go to Dr. Clean,

and there's all of this stuff before I get to my product selection thing,

which is mentioned again here, even though,

uhm, I think it wasn't on the landing page.

And then you enter your information, and then there's a bunch more stuff.

So, why do they have all this up here on their checkout while Emma

goes right to the contact, you know, the information? And guess what?

It turns out there's really good reasons for why the checkouts are different.

We'll answer those, and you'll understand it. And again,

within the context of the whole customer service customer journey,

we'll then get into ads, okay?

So, the way we're going back,

well, not backwards, but this is just a way to make sense of my

weird brain, okay? Uhm, so it's like, okay, like ads,

like what, how do we get them to start the journey?

Okay? So, we're add

to maybe an advertorial, or maybe a,

like, any page, product page, or maybe to a video sales letter,

you know, to a checkout to buy.

Well, when are we doing what? And we'll find out a lot of that

as we go through ads. So, I'm doing the meta ads,

I have a bunch of examples and a ton of different niches,

and we'll also look at where the ads go, uhm,

you know, there's a lot of video ads, we'll also look at static ads,

what's the purpose, and, essentially,

the length of an Right, if it's like a short little ad,

why is it often going to an advertorial or a VSL,

if it's longer, it doesn't, like,

you know, you'll understand all that. Native ads with Din,

he, uh, is an incredible media buyer on Native,

uh, he was part of a really big agency, and,

uh, now is kind of off doing his own thing and does Native buying

for some of my businesses. For Google,

we'll have, uh, David O'Connell from the O'Connell Agency,

and he's covering, uh,

you know, everything, like, uh, PMAX, DemandGen, you know, AdWords, all that good stuff.

Maxwell Finn, um,

will be doing TikTok, they are incredibly knowledgeable on the TikTok side,

uh, so everything and all things TikTok ads,

psychology and copy and everything there.

And then YouTube, it'll be Tom Clason at Tried and True,

Tried and True has been one of the best YouTube agencies for forever,

they actually run a lot of stuff for Emma, who I just mentioned,

uh, and they'll be talking, same thing, like, sort of different YouTube ads,

placement, uh, copy elements,

and all that good stuff. And there are AI processes for generating winning ads

fast, especially on, um, meta,

able to understand and be, like, a master of cloud projects,

so you can set them up for anything, really, right? That's a huge part

of it, too, it's like, part of what I'm, you'll, we'll look at copy,

you'll have a better understanding of everything, you will know how to generate great

copy, um,

and you'll feel empowered to experiment and do things on your own that work

for your specific purposes and needs.

Alright, at this point here, we'll get into the 15 factors that determine your

funnel structure. This is a really cool training,

I did this for CA Pro, and I haven't done it since then,

so I'm taking the one from Pro, but it's really cool.

Essentially, it's a criterion that you can use,

like a checklist, where you go through, you sort of evaluate,

you know, the offer, the product, the psychology,

the consumer, the product market awareness, and all of that,

and the pricing, all these other factors,

and based on that, it tells you, okay, here's what you your funnel structure

will probably look like, you know, as a best bet.

So, you don't have to do, it's not like the, the written in stone,

no exceptions ever, but it's a really nice way to understand,

if you're trying to figure out how to sell something, where to start,

what should your funnel structure look like, okay? It's really cool,

I don't think anyone's ever done anything like this before, besides me,

it's really awesome. But it makes sense to put it here, because you need

to understand everything else, like, the whole journey,

the context, the product market awareness, the copy you're generating,

why you're generating what copy where, and all that.

From there, we move into upsells, quite logically,

okay? So, they've completed the journey from A to B,

now they're going from B to C, how are we going to repeat buyer?

And that's where, really, like, you can sort of go,

like, you know,

uh, from B to C,

you know, and so D, N, E, N,

F, N,

right? Like, so, I'll make this its own big little thing here.

So, upsells are first and foremost. So, we'll talk about upsells,

but none of it's in a vacuum.

So, again, what are the, how do upsells impact funnel economics?

You know, what's the purpose, right?

What are the, um, what's the psychology?

What are the common elements? Like, why didn't, you know,

why didn't somebody, um, or, or, how do we, you know,

what do we, how do we message them and like, what, what,

how do I, sorry, I'm, I'm stumbling because it's actually a really cool training

and I want to kind of show you, I want to kind of spoiler

it for you a little bit here. So, give me a second.

Let me just show you what I'm, why I'm stumbling. Stumbling over my words.

Okay. Here.

Like,

okay, what are we selling, right? Better results, faster results,

an improved version, new problems,

expanded problems. Like, there's a lot of really cool stuff here.

I'm just going to tease it because I might share this video,

um, in the,

uh, if people who haven't bought yet,

but like,

you know, we'll talk about all the sort of psychology, the funnel economics,

the purposes, like what we need to address,

you know, and, and what we're doing with a strategy,

right? A lot of strategy. That's what I'm really trying to say here. Um,

so I should put, then we'll just do tons of walkthroughs.

Everything from cleaning products like that Dr.

Clean spray you saw, David protein bars,

to supplements like Emma and Happy Mammoth,

uh, and then like bizop stuff like info products,

right? What are the upsell flows? What are the journeys?

And a cloud project set up for doing endless upsells or cross sells.

So whether you're selling more of the same, or you're cross selling and selling

a different product, you have the cloud project set up,

uh, to be able to generate tons of those.

Then we get into email marketing journeys.

so Abandoned carts.

And again, what they're really thinking about, the psychology,

how it impacts funnel economics, how it impacts your ability to scale or the

people you're working for or with the ability to scale,

you know, and why people really don't buy. What are the real reasons?

We'll look at example flows, supplements for supplements,

and for a book a call funnel. Um, they'll do the same thing for

a welcome series. Including both,

like, getting to buy more,

right? But also for consumption.

For example, they buy a high ticket thing and you want them to consume.

And for a digital course, um, I should to say with

right, so kind of like

this is going to like classic e-com supplement. And then we get down to

examples. You'll see how to like do more cross-sells too for supplement flow

or funnel. Okay. Um,

promotional sequences and holiday promos and flash sales.

So like a 4th of July sale as an example,

or a Thanksgiving Black Friday sale for supplements for like a biz ops sort

of like SaaS tool. That's like a one-time

purchase. Um, also like a like examples,

templates, psychology,

everything. Same thing with pre-order sequences and went back.

So reorder sequences for people who,

you know, they bought supplement for example, and it's time to buy more of

them, right? They're not a subscription. Um,

also the windbacks for someone who bought a supplement and now

they didn't buy more and getting them to buy more.

And what do we say to get them to actually buy more? And by

the way, I took these from my test. Telemedicine platform, uh,

and I'm just apply them to a supplement example,

but they were for telemedicine to really any physical product.

And you'll see that. And they also included them for,

um, a like SAS subscription tool,

right? So you had a, I think it's like a Airbnb arbitrage.

Like it helps you like find the right market or the right properties to

buy. It's like a tool. It's a hypothetical example.

But. You know how to get them to resubscribe right to a SAS tool

and then plot project and set up for during endless email sequences of any

type of product or service. Okay. And then the bonuses,

which might seem a little skimpy at first, but first of all,

frankly, the core. Like RBC is insane.

Um, okay. I really feel like I've just.

Yeah, I think I solved copywriting entirely.

And I just,

I don't know what someone else could really create about copywriting after RBC2,

to be honest with you. I feel like it's like done,

nailed it, fixed it. Um,

but a couple of cool things. There's a CRO kind of best practices training

that, uh, Ethan from 48 marketing did.

48 marketing is an awesome CRO agency.

We've used them for my telemedicine platform,

use them for my skincare. company. Uh,

we connected them with like, uh, Josh and snow teeth whitening.

They've done stuff for Josh. They've done stuff for probably other people.

I actually, not probably very,

very, very, very extremely high profile people that I probably can't say because some

of those people are real big on MDAs and keeping private.

These guys are really smart, right? Um,

there's a talk on e-com and Amazon, uh,

from Eddie Malouf. And he actually is probably working on an additional bonus training.

I'll talk about that a second. Uh,

funnel economics, like an in-depth breakdown of funnel economics and thinking of it that

way, uh, for me. High ticket webinars,

uh, the structure and copy and all the elements of,

uh, Dylan Vanis. And I put, and question mark,

question mark, question mark. Cause here's the thing, like,

those are the bonuses I'm launching with to get this out on July 7th.

But I will end up adding more bonuses. For sure.

If you look at the original RMBC one, it launched with like five or

six bonuses, and there was like 20 something bonuses,

uh, within a few months of that, because as people asked for certain things,

like, hey, what about this? What about that? Or people loved RMBC and were

like, hey, I'd love to contribute a bonus,

whatever it was. I'm like, hey, let's do it. And so I promise you,

I already have several other things that I actually am in the works on

for bonuses. Um,

but I promise you, you know, more bonuses will come as well.

Okay. So this was a pretty in-depth overview of everything,

but I think it was worthwhile to give you the territory and the roadmap

of what's happening. So again, like,

you're going to be able to, you're going to have incredible research,

generate mechanisms as needed, right?

generate these incredible briefs, take them into the future.

and generate any type of copy you want.

That's really at the broad level what this, what it is, right?

So, um, and whether that's long video sales letters,

medium ones, three to seven minute ones,

really hook heavy ones, short ones,

whether you want to do, um, in-feed or on-page VSLs,

whether you're doing product pages and landing pages,

if they're sort of short or they're like long kind of mini sales letters,

uh, whether you want to do short advertorials or long advertorials,

whether you're doing meta ads, native ads,

YouTube ad, video scripts, it doesn't matter, right? Um, so I'm not,

I swear to God, I'm not a cook. My nose is itches.

Um, upsells, emails,

everything. And it'll keep getting better.

So enjoy, dive in.

The next module for you is going to be kind of the opening,

kind of context setter, what is copy,

understanding copy in 2025, um, a little bit more about the platform

specific aspects of things and all of that.

And then we'll get to research and you'll be on, on your way.

All right. Thank you so much. And please feel free to give me feedback,

share with me, talk to me, uh, as you go through all of this

and, uh,

can't wait to hear from you. Thanks.