Hey, what's up everybody?

So, welcome to the research modules of RMBC2.

And in this spec- I was going to say particular and specific, so I

said pacific. This specific or particular section,

we're going to be talking about market and product awareness.

This is something that a lot of people are familiar with.

Or are aware of, if you will. Especially as I get into copywriting or

marketing, it gets referenced with Eugene Schwartz and Breakthrough

Advertising. And I'll be honest with you,

it's something that I really have started to pay more attention to,

at least more consciously pay attention to it.

Really in the last movie, Year,

let's say. Uhm,

meaning that before that, I think on some intuitive level I would think about

it, but it wasn't so front of mind.

But really, these days,

and especially in 2025,

I actually feel as though this is really crucial.

And it should be obvious why it's crucial,

I don't know why, I just, I feel like it's one of those things

that took me a long time. To fully appreciate.

So, let's kind of go through it, and we'll go through some examples of

what this is. I know you can see some on my screen right here.

And we'll also have a, uhm,

a process using deep research to assess the level of kind of market

product awareness for any product

category, things of that nature, which I'll talk about, I'll show you in a

minute, okay? So, what are the, the five sort of stages or,

or steps? There's unaware,

problem-aware, solution-aware, product-aware,

and most-aware. So,

unaware is where prospects are not even aware of a problem or a need,

uhm, I should say that your product or service can solve.

I use chat2BT to do this, so if it has a little typos.

I I took the stage back. and was going to make a little infographic,

uhm, and it did trot, so that's great.

Uh, problem-aware, prospects recognize that they have a problem or need,

but are unaware of potential solutions. Solution-aware,

prospects know that solutions exist for their problem,

but they are not yet aware of your specific solution.

Product-aware, prospects know about your solution,

your product or service, and are evaluating its features and features.

And most-aware, prospects are highly aware of your solution,

its benefits, and are likely to make a purchase decision soon.

So, minus that one typo there. That's pretty solid.

I actually do have a modification

that I use when working with this framework, and that I think is important

for you to understand as well,

okay? Uhm, I'm going what that modification is,

or distinction, or whatever you want to call it, is generally when I'm looking

at this, I'm looking at product-aware.

If you do this the classic way, it's going to be that

they know about your product, right? But in the road of D to C,

where there's just There's so many,

Brands that are all doing, either they're just starting,

and they're not doing any sales, or they're doing a couple hundred thousand dollars

a year in sales, or even a couple million, or honestly,

even at like 20, 30 million a year, vast majority of people

don't know about your product, but they might know about the category.

So I'm going to show you examples of what I mean by this so

you can see. We're going to start with a peptide

iserm, but I have, I'll just, I'll spoil our examples.

Eco-friendly cleaning products, personal branding mastermind,

meditation program for anxiety, tax prep for freelancers.

So I have a bunch of examples here, so it won't just be,

you know, beauty or whatever. Honestly,

I could bold these, I can do it later, but it's going to bother

me if I don't do it kind of right now. I'll do it later,

so you don't Okay,

let me just do this one. I won't do it for each one we

go through in the future, All right,

so peptide iserm, and I'm just, I'm assuming we're going to be talking to

like a 35 plus woman, okay? Unaware,

could be like a 38 year old woman. She goes about her daily routine

without noticing or thinking about the flying lions around her eyes.

She might catch glimpses in the mirror, but she doesn't register any changes or

concerns. about aging. Eye cream isn't even on her radar.

She uses basic moisturizer, if anything,

okay? So, a good example of somebody who's unaware.

We're talking about why this matters as we go through this, right?

Problem aware. She starts noticing crow's feet in photos or catches herself in harsh

lighting and thinks, when did I start looking so tired?

She's aware something has changed around her eyes, but doesn't know what to do

about it. She might mention to friends that she's starting to look old,

but she hasn't researched solutions, okay?

So, in this case, she went from not really thinking she had a problem

to thinking, you know,

I do have a problem, right?

But I don't really know what to do about it. Solution aware is where

the shift happens, right? She knows eye creams exist and that there are anti-aging

treatments available. She's seen ads for various skin care products and knows people use

things like retinol. hyaluronic acid,

and getcosmic procedures. She understands there are ways to address eye aging,

but she doesn't know which approach is best or what specific products to consider.

Now, let's move to Proctowear. She's learned about peptides specifically for eye care and

knows that peptide-based eye creams are a category of anti-aging products.

She understands that peptides can help with collagen production and fine lines,

and she's researching different peptide eye creams in general.

But hasn't discovered your specific brand yet.

Mostaware, she knows about your specific peptide eye cream brand,

has researched your company's approach, understands your unique formulation and benefits,

has read reviews of your products specifically,

and is ready to make a purchase decision about your brand versus competitors.

All right, so, I'm actually, before I go to more examples,

let's kind of stop here and talk about why does knowing this information

and knowing where, why does this matter?

And the answer is, when you go to create copy

in various marketing assets, whether those are ads,

landing pages, VSLs,

emails, whatever it's going to be,

it's pretty important to understand where in the journey your

target market is, the average person that you are targeting.

Now, how do I know who I'm targeting? Well, we're going to do another

module on that. But I've said this even in RMBC1,

you know, generally you should have a broad idea of who you're targeting.

Like, if you're a freelancer and you get hired to write for

a peptide ice serum, they're going to kind of tell you who the target

market is. And you're ideally going to know based on the branding,

whatever, I mean, and, you know,

kind of figure it out. Probably going to be women who are 35+,

right? Unless they're like, hey, we're going after the men's market for this.

They're like, okay, that's different. But the brand will tell you.

If you're a brand and you have a product,

you are generally going to know who you at least think your target market

is, right? And by target market, I don't mean awareness necessarily.

But I do mean, like, just the basics of demographic

research, right? Are they Maybe a

little bit about, sort of, their socioeconomic background,

right? High income, low income, things like that, right?

Ethnicity, which is actually very important. There's a lot of people,

for example, in Copic Sorter Pro, CA Pro, my mastermind,

that, uhm, do products for,

you know, uh, women of color,

whether that's, like, hair,

or in some cases, skin, or whatever it is, right?

Uhm, so, those things really do matter.

I remember a guy who, uhm, was an Asian-American who was doing,

like, a pill to reduce redness in the face,

because that's, like, a genetic thing where, in general,

people of Asian descent that can, a face can recognize.

Uhm, so, those things can very much matter. You know,

there's other products where, a lot of things aren't,

like, just for white people,

or just for black people, or whatever it is,

but, uhm, you know, it gets into that. So, those are,

that's, like, basically, like, demographic information,

right? Uhm, and then there's psychographic information,

which is what really our, from RMBC,

was built upon, and we'll go through that much more in depth,

and we'll probably get to that in next module,

okay? But, let's assume,

you know, on a basic level, okay,

peptide niacinamide 35 plus woman, right?

The kind of ads you write, the kind of landing page you have,

the kind of copy you have, is going to be really different depending on

where they are right someone who so in a case like this unaware

is typically not a segment you're trying to speak

to in direct response and hopefully

that kind of intuitively makes sense why when someone doesn't even know like

if you go back to journeys right i think about where i do this

because i don't want to like mess up my note too much i'm do

well i'll do it that's fine okay remember the journey right um

from point a prospect to

point b right okay and then let's go like unaware

problem aware solution

aware

product aware I'll try to make this one line so I should make this

smaller

I might stop to submit being two lines pregnant into two lines and

then most aware I'm gonna do it like this so I can try and

keep it

Makes it a lot easier, right? Honestly,

I'll do

this like an infographic later or something like that,

right? But basically,

Right, And if we go ahead,

who's most likely to buy? It's the person who's most aware.

Okay, they know about your brand.

They've researched your company's approach. They understand,

you know, why it's special. They've read reviews.

They're kind of close to making a purchase decision soon,

right? In a perfect world,

everybody's here,

and your job's just to convince them to get over the hump.

In the real world, though, most people aren't here, right? The

people who are here, we'll talk about later, but that'd be people who probably

have already seen ads, and now they're gonna be retargeted,

or you advertise constantly, uhm,

there's like a small percentage. So,

who's the next best level to talk to?

Is it ProductAware? So let's go back to ProductAware,

okay? They know specifically about your type of product,

right, in this case, uh, peptide eye creams.

They understand they can help, and all that kind of stuff, right?

Yeah, those are good, but depending on your product,

how many people are really, know all about peptide eye creams?

So say, we're gonna talk about how you can actually figure that out using

deep research, But let's just say I've got this.

Like, your total addressable market, which is your TAM,

I'll put that here too, what's it gonna mean.

You know, and we'll, we can,

we'll talk about getting answers to that.

Let's just say it's 70 million

people. Like,

what percentage of them actually know about peptide eye creams?

Women's skincare? Probably a lot. But it's probably,

like, maybe 10 million or something like that.

So, essentially, like,

13 and a half percent. Uhm,

what's it say for SimplicitySig, right? SimplicitySig or ProductAware?

Let's say it's, like, 13.5 percent. Okay?

Again, we'll, we'll modify these once we get to the,

the deep research stuff. But, we'll see you This is just sort of for

an example, right? MostAware is going to,

typically, even for, like, you know,

unless you're a really, really, really, really big brand that advertises on TV,

radio, billboards, your ads are everywhere.

It's going to be, like, 1 percent max.

It's really going to be less than 1 percent

And even a big exception, like, let's go to, like,

V-Shred, for example, right? V-Shred's a company,

you know, they were my mastermind for a really long time.

I, uhm, you know, helped them with a bunch of their VSLs and copy,

helped them scale, uh,

still think highly of them. People in direct response tend to know who they

are, but if I ask people outside of,

like, the core segment, like of,

you know, if they've heard of V-Shred,

at least 8 out of 10,

if not 9 out of 10 people would say, I don't know who V-Shred

is. Even if they may have seen an ad or something like that,

right? So,

V-Shred, I don't think, yeah, and I'll see that, but that's just their core,

other core segment, again, maybe V-Shred is,

like, 5%? But frankly,

probably not, they're probably, like, 2% at most,

maybe they're still this 1%, okay?

Now, solution-awareness. Again,

depends on the market a bit,

but in general, it's pretty,

like, in the case of eye, you know, care, treatments,

all that kind of stuff, like, this is where the vast majority,

I mean, basically all women know that skincare exists,

right? So in theory, it's,

like, 100%, right?

Which I know this math doesn't work. It doesn't make sense. Well, how could

this be 99% and then, because there's overlap,

right? So out of the 99%, a percentage of them are product aware,

a small percentage of them might be most aware, okay?

And a problem where, if we're talking about a total addressable

market, what's funny here,

and this is kind of an important distinction, is probably more

women are solution aware than are actually problem aware.

How could that be? Well, it's simple, right?

Almost every woman 18 plus knows that there's eye creams and anti-aging treatments and

all that kind of stuff, right? Uhm,

but not all of them think they have a problem. Maybe,

be, you know,

70,

60%,

right? So again, what's it interesting is it's not going to total to 100,

but it's going to be here, right? So if that's the case,

let's just assume, and again, we'll talk about how to figure this out,

uhm, more scientifically and specifically that

40% are unaware,

right? So 40% kind of like don't think they have a problem,

don't care whatever it is, right? So trying to sell I'm going to put

the TAM up here.

I'm assuming this is in the U.S. We've

got 70 million people,

right? 40% are unaware, so trying to sell to them,

Hey, you look like shit, get out.

You use the serum. It's unlikely to be,

uh,

successful, right? So

the people who are problem aware, 60%

solution or 99%. So who are you really trying to speak to in general?

If you're trying to sell.

A lot of this eye serum, you know,

to as many people in your total addressable market as possible,

who are you trying to speak to? Typically,

it's going to be one of these two groups, okay,

uhm,

and I'll show you a real world example of why this is important in

just a second. I mean, hopefully you already kind of understand.

Why it's important, but I'll show you a really specific example,

uhm, where I made this mistake recently,

okay? So like, problem aware,

they're really focused on their

pain points. And frankly here,

solution aware is going to just be an overlap,

like, right, 100% of Who are problem aware are also solution aware.

So generally, I'm trying to speak to these

two groups. I'm trying to speak to people who know

that they have, and I guess to be completely fair with you,

I'm trying to speak to this group. Let's actually get more specific.

Because they're going to be solution aware anyway,

right? So they've got crow's feet, they've got fine lines,

they don't do anything about it, they're also going to be inherently aware that

there are solutions, uhm,

and so our goal, then, is to take them from over here to

here, right? Or from, sorry,

from over here to here. So there's still a lot of steps we've got

to do, right? One step,

two steps, three steps. Well,

actually, really, four steps, because, like, bye.

Right? Let's probably make this

go to the next page,

that's okay. Ooh,

just got away with it. So,

yeah, 1, 2, 3,

4, right? 4 steps, okay?

That's a lot of steps. Now, arguably,

some of these people might know,

be problem aware, they're solution aware, and they're sort of actively buyers,

like they like buying solutions. As soon as they try stuff, um,

they don't really know which approach is best, but they might still be pretty,

like, they're kind of into skin care,

they're open to stuff, even if they're not product aware about your peptide thing,

right? So in some cases, you're going to get some of these people to,

and it's 1, 2, 3 steps. But basically,

this is sort of the sweet spot, right? Unaware is a whole extra step,

and in reality If

I was really doing this right, this is what it looks like in reality.

Obviously, this is going to screw up everything else,

but what I'm trying to show you is that basically ...

I'm going to delete this, but just so you can see, that first step

from aware, unaware to product aware, is really more like this,

right? There's a lot of work involved.

And trying to convince somebody who doesn't think they have a problem,

that they have a problem. And really where you

would do that, mostly, is going to be in, like, branding,

right? You kind of do, like, like, like, branding.

Not branding, I guess, uhm,

like traditional advertising, you know? Like,

uhm, like billboards, radio, information,

educational content, all this kind of stuff.

Like, it's not impossible, but it's a lot of work.

It's a long process and a long journey.

And it's typically not going to be very desirable,

right? So this is, again, what you're looking at here is, like, to illustrate

how the gap from unaware to

problem aware is way bigger than any of the other gaps,

right? So,

that's the concept behind there, okay? Uhm,

so we're looking in this area here, but it's important,

right? What's equally important is that not only

is the product aware of, like, a smaller group,

and again, when we're talking about your product, we're talking about the category of

product, the specific type of product, you know, you sell,

right? It's generally a smaller group,

which means there's fewer potential buyers if you just speak to those people,

and you're not going to typically get people over here,

right? Uhm,

so it's a smaller group, but your marketing is also going to be totally

different if you are speaking to a product-aware group,

versus a solution-aware or problem-aware group,

right? So let me give you a couple examples of what this looks like

in the real world. Alright,

so I'm going to show you an example here of like a meta ad

caption that I wrote for our skincare brand,

Opal Beauty, and for our Sacred Whipped Tala,

which is a whipped grass fed. beef tala,

right? Here's like an example of like an ad,

I love it, right, using nostalgia. Who wants to look younger?

Amazing balms removes wrinkles. I can talk about the process for this in a

different video. Okay, but you got the image,

I'm going to show you the copy, okay?

I'm obsessed with this product. If I'm being honest, at first I didn't know

what to expect. Like, I'd heard how beef tala was this hot and trending

thing, but the idea of rubbing what's essentially rendered beef fat on my skin

was also kind of weird. The second I unscrewed the lid and inhaled the

scent of natural vanilla bean extract though, my perception began to change.

And when I used the small golden spoon that accompanied the glass jar,

and saw how the tala folded over itself, kind of like when you get

that perfect scoop of ice cream, I couldn't help but feel excited.

Oh, and speaking of feel, let me tell you about the texture.

I put the first scoop onto my fingers and I was genuinely surprised by

how light and almost fluffy the texture felt. And when I applied it to

my cheeks, my forehead, my nose, and underneath my eyes, I loved how it

was lightweight and absorbed easily into my skin with no messy residue.

And yet, it stayed on my skin for hours after,

giving me this dewy, radiant glow, while keeping my skin feeling supple and soft.

Plus, did I mention that smell? It smells like homemade vanilla cupcake frosting.

But there's no gross sugary feel on your skin after,

and it's not overpowering either. At this point,

I was hooked. I started using it daily, after I'd shower.

First I'd apply Opal's Unity Eye Serum around my eyes,

then I'd apply Sacred Tallow to the rest of my face. Then,

pretty soon, I started applying it to my arms, legs, and chest,

too. It's been over a month now, and I use this product religiously.

Plus, I've gotten more compliments on how good my skin looks in the past

30 days than the last 55 years.

My significant other started using it, too, and now we're in this tug-of-war where

our jar just goes back and forth between my side of the bathroom and

theirs. I even ordered more jars to give to my neighbors and my kids'

friends' moms. Do yourself a favor and try Sacred Whipped Tallow for yourself today.

Just two clean ingredients, premium quality, grass-fed tallow and organic vanilla beef,

luxurious cloud-like whipped texture that feels like butter and absorbs effortlessly,

ethically sourced from grass-fed cows pastured and raised in New Hampshire,

no additives, preservatives, hormones, fillers, antibiotics,

or other nasty stuff, leaves your skin glowing and looking radiant for hours and

hours after each use, and backed by a 180-day money-back guarantee,

no returns required, love it, or they'll refund every cent.

Right now, you can try it for up to 64% off the normal retail

price. Retail price gets sacred today. Right?

Okay, I wrote this ad. Uh,

I actually took it from an email I wrote to our customers who bought

the eye serum. Um, it comes from me,

the email, and this ad is also from me, so it's actually true.

Like, I love this product.

I'm obsessed with it. I'm not wearing it this morning,

but when I do put it on, I have this immediate, like, glow and

shine. I do it usually after I shower, like I put in that email.

Um, I really got more compliments in the last month about my

skin looking good than in my life. Uh,

Laura, my wife, and I literally do a tug of war.

Like, we had a couple bottles, and I got one bottle,

one jar, then I got another jar, they sent her a jar,

then I started, I ran out of mine, so I started taking hers, she

started taking it back. Even yesterday, I went, and the golden spoon was,

like, stuck in the lid, and I'm like, Oh my God, I want it.

And it was almost like. So I ordered like 25 more

jars from our manufacturing partner, um, so I could gift it to people,

right? So

it's all true. I mean,

it's coming from me. You know, I don't say who's coming from this, but

it's coming from me. I think it's a great ad.

That ad, plus those captions, has made sales,

but it hasn't crushed, right? And I have a bunch of other ads like

this, too. This one's just sort of like a story-based one. Are you pregnant,

Katie? You know, my skin's glowing.

Right? I'm not going to read all of these ads to you.

Customers are sussing over it. What about

summer skin struggles, right? So,

who are these ads really written for?

Are some speaking to? And the answer is

that they're really speaking to Proc-Aware

people. Why

do I say that? Because what I realized with this Wiptallo

is people most people, even though it's a trending thing on TikTok

for like using beef tallow for skin and beauty,

TikTok is still pretty niche. And the vast majority of

women in my market, my TAM, do not know that you can use whipped

tallow, right?

If they did, they knew how great whipped tallow was,

they'd heard of it before, then the ad I just shared could

be really solid. But because they don't,

what's missing from this ad is the educational component that is

needed in order to get them on board with whipped tallow.

up. So there's a gap in knowledge,

right? What happens is that when somebody is

problem aware or solution aware but not product aware,

you generally need to,

generally, need to educate them on

why your product is the best solution.

for their problem.

Okay, I hope this is all making sense.

I know I'm talking a lot, but this is important to think about,

right? So, if I go back to this again,

I'm telling them how your skin looks great with Wiptallo,

but they're like, well, whoa, why is Wiptallo actually good?

Why does it matter, right? I'll

show you the landing page, which is mobile-optimized,

right? But there's a lot of stuff we could be sharing here.

Naturally

calms irritated skin with bioavailable vitamins A,

D, E, and K. Two clean ingredients,

cool. Texture is great. Smell is good. Good, right?

Uhm,

minimalism is good. Industry secret,

right? Like, cheap ingredients don't help your skin.

What your skin needs. Do we,

I thought we had, like, something even more on this.

Maybe we don't have it here. We have some of our other ads that

we changed. I'll find the other ads. Give me a second to show you.

We still need, we're still optimized. Give me a moment here.

Okay, so this is from an advertorial I wrote, which we still haven't really

tested yet. But,

it's kind of about the TikTok influencers who are obsessed,

like you can see, right? Beef towel is the number one skincare trend on

TikTok, but is it a legit miracle moisturizer or just a gross and greasy

fad? Here's what you need to know. But,

the part I want to get to is here. Where

was it? Sorry. Why so many dermatologists are actually recommending beef towel is not

what you think. Beef towel contains fatty acids,

which help to hydrate the skin, whilst also,

I don't know if I like whilst, but it's fine for now, whilst protecting

the skin's main barrier. That's actually a real quote,

that's why. Explains Dr. Ross Perry at Cosmetic Skin Clinics,

as a skincare product, it can really help with skin which is overly dry

And those, Those who suffer from dry conditions such as psoriasis or eczema.

According to Dr. Marisa Garshik,

board-certified dermatologist at MDCS Dermatology,

beef towel is thought to help your skin dry and boost your natural radiance,

thanks to its hydrating and anti-inflammatory properties.

Towel is rich in omega fatty acids to help support the skin barrier.

For this reason, it can help moisturize and nourish the skin,

Dr. Garshik explains, containing With linoleic acid,

towel has anti-inflammatory properties to help reduce inflammation and soothe the skin.

The science is actually fascinating. Beef towel contains vitamins A,

D, K, and E plus essential fatty acids that naturally occur in healthy skin.

It's like giving your skin exactly what it already recognizes and craves,

right? Uhm,

so, the point here in this case,

this is an advertorial, but what are we doing?

We're actually educating them more on why beef tallow is

a worthwhile product, why basically bringing that into the conversation as a solution,

right? So,

I know solutions exist, I don't really know what beef tallow is a solution,

either in the ad level, or the advertorial level,

or the landing page level, right? We've talked about that in the intro,

these different sort of levels and things like that.

In different phases of the journey, right?

And then there's platform specificity, too, and all these other things,

uhm, like, somewhere from

here, we have to,

you know, we're often taking the,

often, because I'm going to show you an example that's different,

taking it from solution aware to product aware,

right? So, because again,

everyone's kind of problem aware anyway, right? Well, either one.

Problem aware is fine, because they're already inherently going to be solution aware,

in this case. So,

these are sort of, like, the same thing in this instance,

and again, like, everyone's problem aware, solution aware. Uhm,

but we're taking them from here to product aware,

but we're doing that through our copy and through our advertising,

which means that our copy needs to actually,

uh, like, educate them enough so that they start

to view our product as a solution.

So, it's kind of almost doing two things at the same time, right? They're

already solution aware, really, now we're making them product aware.

The ad I showed you, which was great, was really in for somebody who

is kind of product aware, and I didn't realize it, it's subtle.

So, this is a hard, advanced thing that I'm teaching you right out the

gate here, but it's important.

Right, because if you're product aware,

you probably already know, okay, like, right, like this, you understand they can help,

this is an eye serum example, right, but you understand that the peptide can

help with collagen and blah, blah, In this case, it's like, well, they understand

that tallow can help with these things, it's like, of course,

tallow's gonna make my face glow, right? If I'm doing a tallow example,

it's like, well, yeah, of course, tallow can make my face glow,

of course, it's really good for your skin, and it's got fatty acids and

all that, right? That's sort of how that ad I showed you is really

written. It's sort of assuming these things that turns out aren't true.

They're over here, and so what the ads need to do,

or the advertorials, or VSL, or whatever it is we use,

whatever mechanism, you know, copy mechanism we use,

is gonna be taking them from here to here,

and then once they watch your copy, then they're most aware,

and at that point, that's where you're, like, trying to get them to convert

and become a buyer, right? So,

let me give you one more example of this, and let's talk about a

telemedicine platform, right? I run a telemedicine brand.

I'm not gonna show you mine on here, because my COO will murder me,

um,

but, like, we can find any one of them, right? Let's go to,

like, uh,

remedy meds, okay?

Let's click on all the ads here, see if this opens it, okay?

Wait,

Weight loss is finally easier for prescription to GLP-1 medication.

Injectable GLP-1 plans of mid-to-health visits.

Ranked number one weight loss provider. No insurance, and we also have fees.

They took this from us, which is funny, because, uh,

we've done good. Okay, right? If we look at this for

remedy, This

landing page, Our landing page is different design-wise,

copies a little different, all that kind of stuff, but,

This is really all you need if you're selling the GLP-1 medication.

And by GLP-1 medication, I mean the gozempic, some aglutinamide,

glutec, whatever it is, right? For our telemedicine platform,

I'll tell you, we tested advertorials, we tested a VSL,

we've tested video ads,

and for us, like, what often works the best is,

like, a simple static ad, you know,

get GLP-1 medication, save, like, a hundred bucks off your first month,

like, you know, get it now,

a landing page like this, you know?

Uhm, there's another one, let's go to Eden, I think it's Eden Health they're

called. Uhm,

yeah, these guys. I don't know if I can find an ad for Eden,

but I can get retargeted if I go to Facebook. Let's see.

I

will get retargeted later, I'm sure. But, uhm, this is sponsored,

let's see. Alright,

this page

sucks. I don't know, I'm imagining they have,

Let me see if we can retarget. Alright,

lost the point. Alright, whatever, the point is,

I mean, HenryMeds just got sued recently, let's go HenryMeds.

You know, get started, right? Okay.

But the point is, like, this is actually all you need.

So why is this all you need? Because in this case,

in the role of GL, it's like, everyone watching this video,

I would assume, anyone in the U.S. at least,

watching this video has heard of Ozempic. Probably also heard of Simoglutite.

And almost certainly heard of GLP-1s and knows that Ozempic is a GLP-1.

So, this is an exception to what I just shared.

It's very rare, right?

But it's like, they're already product aware.

So you don't need, this is important.

Because if you look at the steps, we're literally taking them one,

two steps, right, instead of one, two, three, four steps.

And what does that tend to mean? And we'll give you a whole framework

later for figuring out the size of,

the kind of funnel format structure, all that.

But what it generally means is, like, you need less copy and less selling,

to be honest with you, right? You don't need a VSL.

You don't necessarily need an average copy.

It's more

like, know, like, what's the cost,

can I trust the company, how convenient is it,

right? It's like, just like here, you know what I mean?

And so, really, like,

all you need is, like, a landing page, you know? If they're, like, over

here, maybe you still have an advertorial or something like that.

And so, that we get. But, here's the distinction or another mistake made,

right? So, for our Tumassin company, we started trying to do NAD+.

What's NAD+, the fact that some of you are asking that question is exactly

where I f'd up, right? Because it's an injectable molecule,

well, it's a molecule your body makes, it powers,

you know, the metabolic activity. of your cells,

provides cellular energy, there's a lot of hype around it for anti-aging and longevity,

and all these sorts of things. I know that. A lot of people haven't

heard of it. Yes, some people have. A lot of people haven't,

right? So, while there are some people in the product aware space,

it probably is like the same general ballpark ratio as here.

Whereas, you know,

solution aware, yeah,

like, maybe, you know,

for anti-aging stuff, it's probably still 99%.

Uhm,

there's probably some more ratios here. So, essentially, I should have been speaking here.

And we tried creating NAD++ funnels that were essentially over here.

Same exact thing with TAL, right? Talking about NAD++ and how you felt so

great after, whatever. What you need to do,

generally, again, when you're over in this area, is you have to educate a

bit more. And that's comes into unique mechanisms, big ideas,

more copy, whether it's advertorials or VSLs.

Like, you really need to educate more when you're over here than when you're

over here, okay? So, I did NAD++,

like, for our telemedicine platform. Did not get to work.

We'll make sales, but pretty low. By the way, the one place where we

would get some sales at a good CPA,

right, cost per acquisition, would be Google Search,

because then you have highly aware people searching,

so they buy. So, if I get someone to Google Search, which is over

here, they're searching,

like, you know, find NAD+. Clearly,

they're over here, so then I might get a CPA for,

like, $250, which,

for telemedicine, is not bad. But, if they're over here,

if our ads would convert at all, we'd be paying,

you know, $1,000, $2,000 to make a sale.

Because the vast majority of people seeing the ads just don't know enough,

they aren't educated enough, and so there's not enough,

like, buyer intent there, and we didn't have enough assets,

right? We're creating ads that are going to educate them and take them on

this whole journey, and eventually bring them to here. Now,

so, for me, for NAD+, I'm like, well, I really honestly need to,

like, do a VSL, video sales letter, uhm,

you know, really long advertorials. It's a lot of work.

We're actually just not even going to focus on it that much right now,

because GLP1s are our bread and butter, and we're working on a few other

really exciting initiatives. Uhm,

but, you know, it's important to understand that.

So, that's,

you know, why this matters.

So, hopefully this is all making sense as we continue to go through RBC2,

as we look at more examples, all these sorts of things,

you know, just, you know, should become clearer and clearer.

But, I want you to understand that.

Now, I've spent a lot of time on that example.

Let me just show you another example or two, and you can always read

the rest of them when you go through the, you know, this content.

Because if we just go back to simplicity, eco-friendly cleaning products,

right? It's kind of a good example, actually. A busy parent uses whatever cleaning

products are cheapest at the grocery store, doesn't think about ingredients or environmental impact,

uhm, clean regularly, don't consider the connection between household cleaners,

indoor air quality, skin irritation, you know,

they bring up environmental harm a lot, depends on what you're trying to do,

if eco-friendly, uhm, it's, it's fair, uhm,

you know, also, like, allergies, right?

All these sorts of things. Problem aware,

they notice their child's skin reactions after cleaning day,

they read an article about indoor air pollution, they realize conventional cleaners might be

causing issues in their home, but don't know what alternatives exist.

Thank your interest. Solution aware, well, they learn that green or natural cleaning products

exist and that people are switching to safer alternatives,

they see eco-friendly options in stores, but feel overwhelmed by the choices and aren't

sure what really works or what to look for. Product aware,

they understand that eco-friendly cleaning products are a legitimate category,

they know about plant-based formulas, non-toxic ingredients,

sustainable packaging, they're researching different eco-friendly brands,

comparing approaches. Most aware,

they know about your specific eco-friendly cleaning product. Understand your unique formulation philosophy,

have read reviews of your product, and are deciding whether to switch from their

current brand or try your starter kit. Okay?

So, the exact same thing, this is agnostic to physical

products, consumer products, information products,

whatever it is. It's just like, where are they in the journey,

you know? And again, how you speak to them, depending on where they are

in the journey, will be different. So,

somebody who is, um, is typically,

This one might even be more of a distinction, right? I think this one,

it's actually worth, I'll dive in for one more minute on this,

this module's already going longer than I thought it would,

but that's okay. All right, because this is important.

Okay, so, like, the problem where people,

remember before, was like, everyone who knew the problem knew about the solution?

I don't know if that's the as true here.

Like, I think most people know that there's, like, eco-friendly cleaners,

but I don't know that it's, like, it might be more like 80%,

right? Um, whereas Problem Aware is,

like, whatever it's going to be,

like, 50% of people think there's a problem, like, 30% of people,

might be smaller, but it's a lot of people, everybody cleans, right?

The total addressable market might be smaller, but it You might have a 150

million person total addressable market, and only 30%,

but 30% of 150 million is still 45 million people,

right? Still a lot of people. Um,

and, like, a lot of your marketing,

but if your marketing is here, it's, like, hey, the real reason for your,

uh, you know, if you're noticing,

I was noticing allergies, like, my child had this weird rash,

like, you know, I had brain fog, exhausted,

I had no idea that it was all being caused by the cleaner I

used in my home, right? Um,

so here, like, maybe they don't know about, you know,

they may have a vague concept of it, they're not really,

like, super aware of, like, green cleaners,

but the copying and adding might be different here,

like, hey, what's actually in your household cleaner,

like, it causes all these issues, blah,

blah, blah, right? Solution aware,

it's like, hey, they know green ones are clean, like, yo,

I've heard, you know, green cleaners,

you know, clean products in my home,

but do they really work?

Like, um,

you know, aren't they expensive?

Things like that, right? Um,

because here they're aware of the solution,

but they're not, like, sold on the solution solution.

So you're like, hey, you're looking for eco-friendly, you know,

like, cleaners, like,

here's why ours is the best, right? You know, premium ingredients,

best price, no toxins,

other eco-friendly cleaners have this problem, ours doesn't have it,

etc., right? Whereas,

here it's sort of like, hey, are they, I've heard of them,

are they legit, how I know which one to choose,

all that. And this one is, again, like, hey,

there's a surprising reason your allergies have gotten worse,

you're feeling tired, uh, your kids,

you know, have skin problems. Maybe you maybe you do too,

right? So the way you talk, the messaging is going to be totally different

here, versus here, versus here.

That wasn't really the case for skincare,

right? For this one,

it was sort of the same messaging here and here,

and it was different if you come to here, right?

Let's do one more, this is a personal branding mastermind,

this example, I had Claude make this example. So,

Claude, I had Claude do,

uhm,

I think I did it for business professionals who are trying to focus,

like, on preeminence, like essentially being a thought leader or whatever it is within,

you know, a nine-to-five job, versus people who are trying to build personal brands

who are entrepreneurs, freelancers,

what have you. But the principles aren't that wildly different,

so we'll, Alright,

I wrote my text for a second, of course, it was something kind of

urgent, but whatever. So anyway,

let's look at this one last example, and then we'll stop this video,

and we'll go into the deep research side of things after that,

okay? So,

let's say it's for mid-level professionals, right? Unaware,

they just focus on good work, they assume that's going to lead to career

advancement, they don't think about how they're being perceived professionally,

reputation management, anything of that nature. Problem-aware,

they notice colleagues getting promoted over them,

they're not being considered for opportunities they feel qualified for,

they realize that being good at their job isn't enough, something about visibility and

perception is holding them back. Solution-aware,

they learn that personal branding is a thing, and that professionals actively work on

their reputation, LinkedIn presence, thought leadership,

they understand this could help their career, but don't know how to approach it

strategically. Project-aware, they know that personal branding courses,

masterminds, coaching programs exist, they're familiar with the concept of building thought leadership,

creating content, networking strategically,

and they're researching different educational options. Most-aware,

they've found your specific personal branding, mastermind,

understand your methodology, and community approach, have reviewed professional branding,

your curriculum and success stories, and are ready to invest in your program specifically,

with a little push, right?

So, the only thing I really want to add to this here is, like,

how do you speak to the different people? It's kind of the same thing

here, right? Problem-aware is,

like, let's say it's 30% of people, again,

or something like that, but a big, total, adjustable market.

it. You have

solution-aware, it's probably pretty small in this market,

like, 10%, let's say,

and then product-aware is, eh, let's try to figure it out, sorry,

sorry, let's say, actually,

it's like,

eh, let's give it a 10 for now,

and then let's say it's 5%.

the person you talk to here, where you're like, hey, you're noticing you're getting

passed over, you know, you're working hard,

but it's not enough, blah, blah, blah, like,

that's one set of messaging, solution-aware is like,

you know, like,

you ever notice how some of your,

you know, have you ever had a colleague who suddenly has a meteoric rise,

and they're being, you know, invited to speak,

you know, at a company,

and, uh, and, like, vendor conferences, like, they're being looked at as a thought

leader, there's something on the fast track for success, and,

like, you probably realize, you notice this, it's all because they build a personal

brand, well, like, but maybe it sounds like a lot of work,

or you don't know if that's for you, or you're not sure, like,

what that would even entail, well, guess what, I'm, it's actually really easy, I'm

gonna show you how, blah, blah, blah, right,

this group is like, you know, kinda like,

hey, you know, you probably know how important personal brand is these days,

even if you're, uh, you know, you know,

in a steady, you know, traditional 9-to-5 type of job,

like, you've seen how people have gotten,

you know, colleagues who have, who have had a miracle rise,

you've seen how, uh, they get invited to speak,

you've seen how they're able to, on a fast track to C-level leadership,

uhm, and, you know, you're thinking you want the same thing,

you're not exactly sure where to start, maybe you've even looked at a few

programs, you've looked at coaching, you've looked at masterminds, like,

you know, whatever it is, right? Well, I'm gonna show you exactly the easiest

way to do this, some improvement system, blah,

blah, blah, So it's different messaging again,

right? And again, here, if you look at. PromoWare and SolutionWare,

there's probably an even bigger gap here, like, most of the people

who are mad about a 9-to-5 worker who's,

like, kind of salty that other people are getting promoted over them,

and that they're not getting opportunities, a lot of them probably aren't thinking that

personal branding is the op, the answer. They probably think it's like,

their boss sucks, or their manager sucks, or maybe their company doesn't give them

mobility, or whatever it is, and so this might be a kind of case

here, where it's, like I said,

30%, but of the 30% who are promoWare,

maybe only 10% of the promoWare

people are really thinking about personal branding,

right? And of that,

10%,

maybe half of them know about corporate. Versus masterminds, coaching programs,

things like that that help with it, right? So if that's the case,

essentially, if only,

like, a small percentage, so essentially,

like, you know, where would I probably try to speak?

I probably would mostly be trying to speak to promoWare,

if I'm trying to go mass market and broad level and scale.

A lot of the guys who do BizOp,

and women, but it's mostly men that I see doing BizOp,

uhm,

they tend to, like, do, like, their copy where it's talking to people about,

you know, like, for example, say it's Amazon FBA,

fulfillment by Amazon, where it's dropshipping and stuff like that.

You know, like, you've, you know,

you've probably tried Amazon FBA programs, you've worked with coaches, all these things, right?

But it's, like, then a lot of those guys want to go more mass-market

at higher scale, but,

like, the average person over here, and again, this is a,

I'm conflating examples a little bit, but, like, the average person who,

say, is a 9-to-5 person who wants to get economic freedom,

flexibility, quit their job, right,

has no idea about FBA, has no idea about all these other things,

right? And so, to go mass-market and biz-op,

you have to go over here, problem-aware, right?

And, honestly, biz-op is an area where maybe you can tap into a little

bit of unaware, because people don't, aren't really looking,

but they see the right opportunity, hey, look, you could be making more money,

you could be free, you could have flexibility, that might agitate the problem more,

because it's sort of a universal thing that people want more freedom and money,

right? And so, all this is to say,

really keeping in mind that, you know,

who you are speaking to, and what level of awareness they have,

and what level of awareness you're targeting with your copy and your marketing efforts,

is actually really important to understand, and it's going to drive how your

copy is created. So, as we go through different copy examples,

we'll keep coming back to this concept, because that is going to make a

difference, right? Like, uhm, it's a really crucial concept,

hopefully you understand, hopefully this was a valuable training, and in the next part

of this section,

I will go through how to use deep research to get answers to this,

as you jump in, to save yourself time,

and to also maximize your probability of success.

Alright, thank you.