All right, hello.

So in this video we're going to be going over unique mechanisms.

I'm going to say right from the start that if you've

seen a lot of trainings from me, content from me on unique mechanisms before,

you can probably skip this specific video.

It never hurts to have a refresher reminder.

Uh, but this specific video will really be pretty broad level

reminders, not broad level, but, um,

just basically reminders of what UMPs are,

UMSs are, and some examples.

I would not skip the subsequent videos where I will be sharing some really

specific processes that we can leverage and utilize,

um, with AI to come up with a lot of different unique mechanism ideas

and different niches, um, in this video,

I'll be doing mostly health and one golf thing,

but I'll do, you know,

BizOp, like we've been doing other, uh,

niches as well and examples, um,

and you'll see how that unified research brief and the product market awareness,

all those things fit into your mechanism selection,

uh, in these additional videos,

or it might be one video. But it'll probably be more than one that

I do. So that's sort of the preface,

uh, for you. With that being said,

welcome here. Um,

I hope a lot of you are familiar with unique mechanisms,

but again, you might be watching this and you're not, maybe you're brand new,

who knows how many, you know, the universe of people who watch RnBC2.

And so I'm excited to share it with you.

Unique mechanisms are something that I really, I'm the world's one who kind of

popularized, uh, back in 2018,

19, uh,

and again, they're, they're pretty well known now, but I'm going to do this

video presuming you don't really know what they are.

Okay. Whoever's watching this. So what are they in a nutshell? And this really

hasn't changed since RnBC1. Um,

the unique mechanism explains why our prospect is struggling or suffering too.

To achieve a goal, how they can over and end,

how they can overcome that problem. At its core,

the unique mechanism is a two-part logical connection.

So when I say it's a two-part logical connection, I'll actually kind of come

down here and explain that right now. There's a unique mechanism behind the problem

that our prospect faces. You can think of this as your UMP and

there's a unique mechanism behind the solution to that problem,

the UMS, okay? So why is that important?

Because by the time our prospect comes to us,

they've usually tried numerous solutions for their problem already.

In the past, these other solutions may have not worked at all,

maybe they worked partially, maybe they worked fully for a period of time before

they stopped working. And our job as a copywriter.

Is to educate our prospect about the real reason why past solutions didn't bring

them permanent results. And we do this by explaining that their knowledge about the

problem is incomplete. They've been missing one crucial piece of information,

there's this knowledge gap that's been holding them back.

So, as I put down here, and I'm jumping a little bit on this

document. By showing them the unique mechanism behind the problem,

you get the prospect to understand why they failed in the past.

And by showing them the unique mechanism behind the solution,

you get the prospect to believe that our product will bring them success,

where other alternatives have failed. This already does

tie into the product market awareness stuff we talked about,

right? Solution aware, problem aware, and so on.

Uhm, and you might be wondering about that, because you're like,

okay, well we're saying other things they've tried in the past that have failed.

So, even if,

Even as we do unique mechanisms, we're going to be keeping in mind where

our prospect is on their journey,

right? What level of awareness? And

this is very important, and we'll really go into this in detail in the

next prompt, uh, the next video. Uhm,

but it's really important because if somebody,

if you really are speaking to a highly sort of

product-aware market

segment that knows about a bunch of peptide eye serums and has used a

bunch of them, right, or say it was NAD+,

you might remember that example, and say you're speaking to that small segment of

people who really are familiar with NAD+,

specifically, and they've tried it and haven't gotten results,

the unique mechanism is going to be really different from somebody who is.

Feeling tired a lot,

has low energy, feels like they look old and tired,

and they want to just sort of have more energy and

support longevity, right, they don't want to feel like they're getting old.

And so, when I talk about this product-market awareness stuff

flavoring really everything we're doing,

you can see why, as I give you that example, right? So,

we'll go, like I said, into those levels more in the

future, but let me just show you some real quick in-the-wild examples.

The first one's going to come from MiamiMD.

They do skincare. They've been around for a long time.

They were originally started, Peter Kell was one of the founders.

They were in CA Pro when they were getting off the ground, so I

worked with them, really, from the get-go.

Then they went through some various changes,

but they've still continued to do well. Peter's actually still in CA Pro,

which is awesome, but that's sort of me just,

kind of, not that sneakily plugging CA Pro,

because it's a great place. So this is like an advertorial,

okay, while I was obviously have whole trainings and advertorials,

it's pretty short, but I want you to see how even in this advertorial,

you're going to have a UMP, okay.

So the headline, or idea, for this advertorial,

Harvard Dermatologist reveals the hidden cause of crepey skin is not collagen

loss, okay. Crepey skin is often considered just an inevitable part

of aging, difficult to disguise and impossible to get rid of.

But now, world-renowned dermatologist,

Dr. J, says that's simply not true.

She explains, crepey skin is one of the most common signs of aging,

but it's not something women have to put up with. According to top experts,

the reason why crepey skin won't go away is not because it's an impossible

feat. It's because most methods and skin care products don't treat the real root

cause. Everyone likes to tell us the loss of collagen is causing thin,

crepey skin, says Dr. J,

but it's actually your failing fibroblasts that cause the skin structure to collapse and

become crepey. In simple terms,

fibroblasts are like your skin's interior designers.

They live in the hidden second layer of your skin,

the dermis, and their main job is to design and construct your skin to

look at its best. But as we age,

they start to get lazy. Now, the once tight,

firm complexion they held together begins to fall apart.

The result? Thin, loose,

crepey skin that we attempt to reverse, but with all the wrong methods.

But there's good news. Once you recharge your fibroblasts,

they can work their very best again, allowing your skin to become smoother,

tighter, and firmer. When it's better, it's easier than you thought.

I want to help women who can't afford the fancy, expensive procedures feel just

as beautiful after those who can, she says. Beautiful skin shouldn't have a price

tag. That's why she's released a free online tutorial on how to smooth crepey,

fragile, tissue paper skin at home with ease.

And her tutorial is already blown up. Click here, and that's going to take

you to a video sales letter. Okay?

So, do I know if this is an incredible mechanism

that is crushing? No.

Do I actually like this mechanism? A lot. Not really,

but it doesn't matter. I know. Why don't you like it?

We can talk about that later. Okay. Right now,

but I primarily want to focus on is just showing and identifying the unique

mechanism. Right? So if we go back to what we said here,

you know, it's a real reason they're struggling or suffering to achieve a goal

and how they can overcome that problem. Right? Um,

so why, you know, we mentioned past solutions.

But it's really just like their knowledge about the problem isn't complete.

They're missing this one crucial piece of information and the knowledge gap is what's

has been holding them back. So we come back to this video example.

It's like, what's the one little missing thing that,

you know, the piece of information they've been missing? Um,

well it's that they thought collagen was,

lost is what causes thin crepey skin,

right? So simple as that,

you thought it was collagen, but it's actually your failing fibroblasts

that cause your skin's, uh, structure to collapse and become crepey.

Okay. And then we explain what fibroblasts are.

Their job is to design and construct your skin to look its best.

But as we age to get lazy, um,

and, the complexion, the complexion they held together begins to fall apart.

This results in loose crepey skin. Okay.

So it's very simple,

which makes sense for an advertorial as well, by the way,

because the job as we'll talk about in the advertorial training in much more

detail, but the job of an advertorial is typically,

well, it depends, but most of the time, if it's going to a VSL,

it's really to just sort of sell the click,

to get somebody to click through to the VSL and to sell the qualified

click, I could, I should say, right?

So we don't want a dude not interested in crepey skin to really go

here and click through. I mean, he can, but that's not the point.

The point is somebody who would be qualified, um,

be a prospective buyer, right, within our kind of target market,

right? Who would click through, um,

and so they don't need to kind of give

you every single detail about the unique mechanism and sabbatorial

because you're going to go see a lot more detail in the VSL.

Um, right now they want to just sort of talk to you about the

part that you've been missing, this missing 1%,

right? All right, the missing 1% is zero. Because again,

you thought it was collagen, it's actually fibroblasts,

fibroblasts, uh, get lazy and that's why you get crepes,

or crepey skin, crepes, or crepey skin, right?

And then what about the solution? Well, we've said like,

you know, again,

how can they overcome that problem? There's a logical connection,

right? Well,

our product brings them success when other alternatives have failed,

right? But there's good news. Right,

once you recharge your fibroblasts, they can work their very best again,

allowing skin to become smoother, tighter, and firmer.

So, that is the logical connection,

right? The problem is your fibroblasts are lazy and not charged

up and that's making your skin structure loosen

and become saggy, leading to crepes.

The solution is, recharge,

re-energize those fibroblasts, let them work well again so that your skin becomes smoother,

tighter, and firmer. Okay? So,

it's not rocket science and it doesn't have to be,

um, especially depending on the context,

it's really just problem,

solution, right?

I'll show you our eye serum and the current,

um,

mechanism we have here. I'm gonna make this bigger.

Okay, and I'm gonna tell you the same thing. This is, it is actually

working pretty well. But I do want to test other mechanisms

for this. So this is like a product page, right?

We'll do trainings on product pages as well. but This is not

a advertorial. It's not a VSL.

An advertorial, like,

it's one like this, might lead, instead of a, to a video sales letter,

to a product page like this, right? This is if you go to Shopify,

you click on our product page, you come here.

Okay, so skin unifying serum fades the appearance of crow's

feet, dark circles, and eye bags all at once.

This breakthrough formula is designed to penetrate the deep into the dermal-epidermal junction where

eye aging begins. The special blend of six powerful ingredients supports this crucial connection

between skin layers, giving you an all-in-one eye serum that transforms your eye area.

So you can see, if you're astute,

you might see how this right here is like a really like a micro

summary of what the UMP and UMS is gonna be,

right? There's this. It's a thing called the dermal-epidermal junction,

the DEJ. That's where eye aging begins.

If you can support those crucial connections between the skin layers,

you'll have better skin, right? So logical connection,

problem-solution. We do have more copy for it down here,

right? The hidden reason why your eyes may be aging faster than you want

and why most eye serums fail. If you're frustrated by,

Like stubborn iron cools, persistent dark circles, and sagging that makes you look tired

all the time, it's not your fault. Now,

if this looks like weird formatting, keep in mind that pretty much all of

our traffic is mobile. So on mobile,

it doesn't-like on mobile. It looks like

this, and it's all unison, right? Umm.

Okay.

All of these issues begin when the layers of your skin begin to separate.

The separation forms in the dermal-epidermal junction,

the area where your layers of skin meet, and most eye-storms and creams do

not address this issue at all. So you can catch here.

In healthy skin, the top and bottom layers are deeply interconnected and unified together,

like two pieces of fabric joined by microscopic hooks,

okay? When your skin is young and wrinkle-free,

S These hooks form a wavy-like interconnection between the two layers.

These crucial connections help maintain youthful skin in several ways.

They allow nutrients to flow freely to your skin surface.

They help remove toxins and waste. They keep skin-firm,

supple, and evenly toned. They maintain skin's youthful balance and elasticity.

Okay? But as we age, something devastating happens.

These v- Adult connections begin to break down, and those,

hooks disappear. Eventually, your skin layers become completely separated,

especially around your delicate eye area. The result?

Nutrients can't reach your skin's surface. Dark circles appear as blood vessels become more

visible. Skin begins to collapse inward,

forming wrinkles and crow's feet. Fluid accumulates,

creating puffy under eye bags. Skin loses its firm,

youthful appearance. So, young skin,

you see how- others is, like, sort of, wavy,

vulgar thing. Old skin,

sort of compresses and collapsed. Uhm,

introducing ude-iser. Instead of just moisturizing the surface,

our breakthrough formula penetrates deep into the dermal epidermal junction,

spoiling the crucial connection between your skin layers. And we have ingredients in how

it does that. Right? So,

again, not rocket science. Frankly,

as I read it a lot, I have ideas or things we could do

differently. But really, it's like,

you've got this, layer within your skin called the dermal

epidermal junction, the DEJ. It's sort of like this wavy,

it's like, it's like, it's hooked or intertwined.

It keeps it connected. As you get older,

it unhooks essentially. There's a separate, operation that occurs.

Skin collapses in on itself. You see eye bags,

wrinkles, all that kind of stuff. That's really what we're trying to say with

this, right? But it's the solution.

Well, if you can sort of re,

you know, redo the hooks, reconnect it,

reconnect your skin layers, then there's not this,

chasm that creates wrinkles, fine lines,

dark circles, and so on. And again, actually, we could say it more clearly

on this page. So it might be a test I do in the near

future. Okay. Let's do one

to two more. I have this one from Emma up.

This page is a really nice page. You can e-com page.

Umm,

from Emma relief. What happens to look kind of mobile?

Does the video first? Yeah. Cool. So

they're, they're not like crazy hard on the umm,

they have a mechanism. It's just sort of shared through a few different places.

Right here's where you're going P right.

The surprising root cause of blowing constipation.

Bad bacteria, bacteria takes hold. For example,

stress. Let me make this page bigger too. And,

uh, anti-acid, antibiotics and artificial sweeteners weaken defenses align pathogenic- I'll check back.

Bacteria parasites are archaea, single cell organisms to take hold.

Two. Bacteria produces methane. Gas,

okay, and other bacteria begin to release methane gas, which causes bloating constipation.

Three, eight digestion to slope. Methane gas damages the sensitive nerves of the gut,

slowing the movement of food through the intestines.

The slows are even halts you're pooping and elimination.

Umm,

and really the solution here, how am I- am I am I- am I

Help me. Oxy production of methane gas at the source. It works in three

different ways to normalize bathroom habits, usually within a few weeks,

or taking it to eliminate constipation and bring back those perfect poop staly.

Increases motility, aka pooping speed,

clears up the bacteria that causes methane gas and calms the nerves,

uh, and calms the nerves and relax tight muscles,

that allows this easy passage,

right? Umm,

but can I go on to- I'm sorry, a- that the methane stuff,

like, you know, causes even more issues,

right? They have a little more science here,

but really, like, their core mechanism is,

like, bad bacteria is in your gut,

which people know, right? The sort of surprise you're missing 1% that

part that is- not as well

known. Is that it creates methane gas.

Methane gas, in turn, causes bloating constipation,

and it slows your digestion, right?

And leaves poop stuck in your gut, and you've constipated and feeling gross,

right? So what's the solution?

We stop the production of methane gas at the source,

okay? There's some more stuff to it, but really, if we just at

the page, it's like, that's what we're doing, right?

So it's actually- it's pretty simple. Let's look at one more.

This ones be from Performance Golf, okay? This is from one of their caveman

pages, as they call it. So if I could glorify an FAQ page.

It's for a driver, right? We've done examples of like a driver.

Okay? Umm,

do your slice- slice fixing driver technology,

okay? So they have like, what is it?

It fixes your slice. Okay,

great. What does it do?

It fixes your slice at impact.

Why is that important? Okay?

An open face relative to the path is a- one and only reason you

hear this slice. The real root cause,

you notice how this is so often the same language you used to get

again? I'm gonna tell you honestly, in health and wellness,

and, like, considering whole stuff,

you're really not compliant to why it's supposed to cause something in the root

cause. For a goth, it doesn't matter as much. Uh,

the reason why is because, I mean, frankly, there could be multiple root causes,

right? Saying one thing is the root cause is like a diagnostic thing.

Um. Approach everyone does it in health to be honest with you,

but you're not supposed to. But with goth, it doesn't really matter at all.

The real root cause of your slice is an open club face.

Relative to the path of your swing and impact. Most players know that.

The bottom line is all slice fix training,

draw bias clubs, and virtually every train ate all attempt to do the same

thing. Square root club face relative to the path and impact.

Umm, this new driver squares the face for you without needing any training.

Alright, so you don't do this. You don't leave the face wide open,

have uhh, to aim way left,

have to play an offset driver, anything else. Umm,

when you set up to the ball with an offset driver and it's closed

faces aiming left, you naturally tend to see it's to readjust the face and

align with the target. The problem is, that means you're actually opening the face.

When you open the face. The face, even before you start your swing,

your chances of getting it back to square an impact are damn near zero.

Right, here's this club. That, so essentially,

I mean, if people aren't golfers, maybe like, what? What did you just say?

Really, all we just said is essentially,

okay, hey. And this goes back to market awareness again.

The most golfers in the market know some stuff,

right? They kind of know that an open club face

relative to the path of your swing impact is what causes your slice,

okay? Umm,

so it's like, this is like, what's causing your slice?

In their case, like, it's not new.

Like, most players know that. The difference is,

like, the- What's implied here is that other solutions,

because they're talking to a more solution to where audience,

I should say, right? Is,

they attempt to square your club face relative to the path of impact.

So, but this driver does it for you without needing any training.

So, essentially, this is actually kind of interesting because they're not saying that

other things are wrong, but they're saying that there's a training and that if

you do training, you're, essentially, you're thinking about too much stuff.

Um,

you're trying to, you know, normally you're trying to do all these other things

and it ends up, you know, meaning you still slice.

But this does it for you.

So, your problem is

that trainees, you know what to do. The problem is that most trainees,

When you, the problem is you. Basically, the problem is when you try to

do what you know how to do, you end up doing mistakes. There's physiological

things that you're doing. Um,

you know, the other tricks and things people teach you don't work.

So, the problem is the kind of, like, you try to do some stuff.

The solution is don't try to do anything. The club just does it automatically.

So, it's pretty simple. Right?

But, um,

that's kind of, like, the summary here. Okay? Doing

the product features. Right,

then there's more features and benefits of it,

you should say. But how it does it?

It gives you more, umm.

Yeah,

kind of answering FAQs and, like, more answers about,

like, how it, like, is gonna do these things.

Like, the technical components enable it to fill on its promise of,

like, doing it for you, right? That's, like, there's more on this page.

But it's pretty straightforward. So, I hope this makes sense.

Again, I actually, even the original RBC,

this, this section wasn't very- wrong.

Um, obviously, I'm using new examples and things for the most part.

But, um,

it's really just, like, what's the- what's, like, the real reason they haven't found

a solution yet? Like, what's the real cause of their problem,

I should say? What's really causing the problem?

That's different. Um,

if that's the real cause, what's the solution? Well, the solution is to address

the real cause, right? It's really as simple as that. So,

that's it for this video. you But in the next one, I'm gonna go

through some really cool prompts and LLM processes that make a huge difference.

Uh, and enable you to get a ton of UMP ideas and we'll go

through those, join the ideas, evaluating them,

all kinds of other stuff. And this is really valuable because,

you know, any VSL, TSL, text shows that are PDP,

um, you know, it's just like a product page that you're doing.

It's gonna have unique mechanisms. Advertorials,

you know, often will. Ads often will.

Um, you know, they're pretty universally applicable to anything you're doing

for getting someone from point A to point B,

from a prospect to a buyer. And so,

uh, you know, we'll spend some more time in here, but should be great

stuff. Alright, thanks. See you in the next video.