Hello, hello. Alright, today we're going to be talking about abandoned

cart email sequences.

And we'll go through a few examples,

and then, you know, throughout this module on email marketing stuff,

we'll go through other sequences as well,

like welcome sequences, win-back sequences,

promotional sequences. Well, let's start with abandoned cart.

Art sequences, right? That's a pretty easy,

quick thing that you can do as a business owner to

make more money. Umm,

you know, basically, I don't want to start rambling about funnel economics again,

but it's kind of straightforward.

It's like, oh man,

I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it really quick, right?

Okay. All right,

you'll go to your checkout.

20 people buy.

You spend, let's say,

$5,000.

Let's see what it'll put- Okay. Spend,

on traffic, okay? 100 people go to your checkout.

20 people buy. Right?

So, means your,

CPA, $250.

Pretty sure you did that math, right? Yeah,

good, right? Okay. So, well,

it's up to a little poorly last night, but this is July 3rd.

Of course, it launches July 7th. You gotta get this,

get this done with the last modules. Umm, Okay. So, typically,

you know, I did the other front locker house before, but let's say,

your AOV is $150,

right? Cut your day zero revenue for your AOV,

so you lose,

her new customer.

Not very sustainable, right? But

now let's look at some changed economics of this,

okay? Let's say,

To go

buy, check out,

well, so you can convert 15% of people who didn't check out,

team people, abandon,

the checkout, but buy through,

email, let's say SMS,

call center. We'll focus on emails today,

and then this module, right? Okay.

So, what does that mean?

Your CPA doesn't go down.

Your AVs are state 150, right?

But now, instead of 20 customers,

you're 35 customers, right? One second.

Okay. So, yeah, you have 35 customers.

Okay, you spent 5... $5,000 divided by

35 is $142,

and let's call it 86 cents,

right? Your AV,

$150, it's your day zero revenue.

So, what does this mean? We'll surround this up to,

A 143,

right? You make $7 gross

profit for a customer. Now,

realistically, you would still be losing a little bit of money because

of, like, well, it depends. If you're doing a physical product,

you'd still be losing money because of cogs, right?

Processing fees, all these other things. Umm,

but this is a lot more likely to be saying you can figure out

and get to, like, break even, or even to scaling profitably.

Whereas if something like this, you're pretty much screwed.

And I have, like, that, uh, federal economics, uh,

training as a bonus you can kind of look at. It's for how you

can envision this,

right? If you're doing an info product, I'm actually processing fees when I'm maybe

you're breaking, even, or you make a dollar.

Or you'll still want to get these numbers better. But those 50,

er, those 15 extra customers that you pick up through abandoned cards,

makes a huge difference in your ability to scale.

And if you're a copywriter and you're writing sequences,

you, you know, you probably kind of get it,

but, like, it's good to just really think about the numbers and economics,

okay? So, that's why,

These sequences are valuable. Now,

the next question becomes, okay, well, why do people, but they're here for fun

all? Why do people abandon?

Okay. One big reason is-

They don't fully believe your solution solves their problem.

Well, why don't they believe that? Maybe they feel like there's some incomplete

information about the product of service. For example,

if you go back to the checkouts we looked at previously in that module.

And I mentioned how I think you should pretty much always put,

you know, no subscription if it's no subscription.

Right? Things like that. Umm.

Maybe they can't find the information.

Like in the clarifying example,

I was gonna buy that and go through their self-flow.

And I didn't, er, is that the one I bought? No,

I didn't buy that one. I bought the Dr. Queens, right? Yeah, I didn't

buy the clarifying because I'm like, I just didn't trust them,

right? Umm.

So, I didn't trust them. But the reason I didn't trust them.

Is because I didn't have complete information I felt.

Could also be that going back to the Dr. Queens spray from,

er, that example. From kind of the,

the PDP check on upsell.

Like, I felt like it wasn't clear that those little

pods are like what you put in the spray bottle and it replaces,

you know, buying spray bottles, you actually save money.

Umm. And so, if I,

if I was kind of paying attention to go, okay cool, this cleany thing

is a really great cleaner, cleans my oven, whatever,

and they get to check out, I see that, well, looks to me like

one bottle is $20.

In real life, if I wasn't trying to funnel hack it,

there's a zero percent chance it would buy it. Like, I'm not gonna spend

$20 on a spray clean bottle,

are you kidding me? Umm.

And again, yes, this kind of- I mentioned it throughout,

but they don't make it super clear. That's kind of on them.

What about negative past experience? What is that?

Well, could be that they bought,

you know, somewhat procced in the past and didn't get good results.

Maybe they bought something they didn't think was a subscription,

and then it turned out it was a subscription.

They had to cancel their card. Umm,

maybe, You know, they bought things that could have been good solutions,

but they didn't use them,

and they're worried they won't use this one, and they're gonna do the same

dumb thing and waste money like I always do,

right? And then I have lack of confidence.

Since we lack confidence in themselves, because we relate to outside approval.

So what do I mean by that? Well, lack of confidence in themselves might

be like, oh, I don't know if I can really,

Do this, right? Like a biz-op thing. I don't know if I can really

start a business. I can't imagine myself actually making money doing this,

right? I don't, Even if I get this supplement,

I just don't know if I'm even like, I always f*** it up,

right? Like, I screw things up. I'm not a winner,

essentially, right? Or,

and obviously I probably like, it could be like, I'm not confident.

I need outside approval validation. And I'm worried that my

spouse is gonna give me shit if they find out I bought this.

Tell me I'm a fool. You always do this.

You always waste money. Umm,

maybe my friends that I find out are gonna be like, oh,

this is dumb. That's a pyramid scheme. Why are you trying to do this

business thing? Like, those things are all scams.

Like, so, I don't have confidence in myself that,

like, if I get this, I'm gonna do it,

and I also don't have confidence. And I want outside validation from other people

that other people are doing this, and that, like, it's socially acceptable and smart

to do it, right? So,

like, this is really helpful. Okay,

what about price? Well, typically, these are

kind of deep stuff. I think logical reasons, or in some cases,

just educational reasons. Prices,

like, usually, like, well, they wanna buy,

but the price has perceived this too high.

Why'd I say perceive this too high? Because if you had really

adequately answered all these things, and ultimately, if you had truly proven,

without a shadow of doubt, that your solutions solves their pain point,

and their pain point was urgent enough. Enough. That,

you know, they really wanted to have it solved,

and they would pay almost any kind of amount of money to have it

solved. They probably was so bought. So,

basically, they don't,

the pain point's not severe enough, or they

don't believe in the product enough. Or sometimes it's just a pure,

fine, financial constraint. But that's, typically,

we sort of almost ignore that when we are doing drutch consumer marketing.

Because, like, if someone truly can't buy it, then, okay,

finally. There's people out there who will try to like, oh, go,

go get a loan, or pawn your shit to buy myself,

and it's like, you know, that's pretty gross, and, you know,

I don't really want to go down that path, or I don't,

I hope other people don't go down that path either. To me,

that's pretty gross, right? But I'm thinking more on people who could afford it.

You know, again, it's all relative. People will say I can't afford it,

and then go spend money on, you know,

$200 or $300 at home goods or TJ Maxx that they can't afford either,

right? So, most people can afford most things if they really want it,

if it's really a good product, it's really to solve their problem.

But basically, there's also, like, a price where it's like,

a no-brainer. And there's a price where I have to really think about it

and be like, do I really want to make this investment, right?

Another one is that life just gets in the way. This would be,

you know, by far the easiest person to convert.

This is just somebody who's like, on the checkout, they want to buy,

and then they get a phone call.

If the kids come home from school early, the baby starts crying,

the dog starts barking at the front door, they get up,

they do other things, and then they sort of like, frick- get,

you know, what they're doing, come back to it, and then they're less motivated,

right? Umm,

and that actually kind of ties in here, where it was like a lack

of urgency, right? So, part of,

you know, direct response copy is often you're kind of agitating,

or you're like, you're agitating the pain point,

you're getting the solution, you're getting them mentally, like,

yes, I want to buy this, but then suddenly,

You know, you break that spell because life gets in the way,

so even though they would have bought,

and they're typically the easiest to get to buy again, you do need to

still re-set them,

get them back into that frame,

right? Umm, and that kind of comes back to lack of urgency.

That's what I've been in the offer. Maybe their pain point,

you know, isn't urgent enough, like, it's not enough of a,

a bleeding neck problem. You know, they're saying that they're like,

a bunch of cleaner, like, yeah, you know, like, I have some stains,

I'd like to clean my oven, but it's not,

like, so urgent. Like, you know,

like, what's gonna stop me from getting, I can get this next month,

right? Umm,

I'll come back in a couple weeks and get it. I don't want to

spend more money. I already bought a bunch of stuff yesterday on Amazon.

Like, right? So it's like, Like, the pain points aren't urgent enough,

umm, to where they feel like they have to get the solution immediately.

Or, the offer isn't,

like, urgent enough where it's like, they're kind of related,

but like, if there's not, like, some sort of,

like, limited time, you know, save x percent,

but like, you know, limited time offers, right? That stuff works because,

If you're just like, Here's the price.

It's fine, but the other dude's wall is like, you know,

this price is only guaranteed for so long, who made raised prices,

new customer discount, exclusive coupon,

like whatever it is, right? And so, basically,

they don't think it's urgent enough. Same thing, I'll come back and get it

later. Yeah, this is cool. All right, I'll save it. I come back and

get it later, but, you know, we've all done that.

If the best intention is to buy something, then it'll be, The time passes

by and, like I said, life kind of gets in the way,

and your level of urgency and your desire

and all those things kind of go down, right?

Time goes this way. If time passes by,

urgency and desire go like this. Normally.

Now again, like, let me give you a really concrete example.

Let's say, I'll give you one from,

My real life, right? Our master bedroom air conditioner

is on its last legs. Okay?

Umm, we had some people come out to do a service on it a

few months ago. They're like, hey, you know,

you can just do a new air conditioner. It costs like $5,000.

I'm like, I don't want to do that because I don't want to spend

$5,000. So like, well, you know, I'll keep working for now.

I'm like, okay, right? So, wasn't urgent enough.

Last night,

woke up kind of hot. The AC was set to 69,

but the temperature's just 74.

I'm like, f***, I'm gonna have to call these guys. We can't have a

super hot room, right?

Like, my wife and I are sleeping in here.

Our newborn baby is,

you know, in the room a lot at night with us.

You know, whatever. But then this morning,

so I was kind of ready to call them, but I didn't do it

right away. This morning I went and looked,

and it was from 74 down to 72. So it was cooling,

just going really slow. And so,

even though, yes, I'm gonna need to replace that air conditioner.

So it cost me 5 grand. I don't want to spend it.

And, I'm gonna be a cost 3 grand or 4 grand.

Don't get hung up on the price. But, like, whatever it is,

right? It's gonna cost several thousand dollars.

That'd rather not spend. And it's like kind of working.

So I'm like, alright, I didn't call them.

I realistically probably won't call them. But,

this weekend, Saturday or Sunday, it's at Thursday right now,

that air conditioner goes out. It's super hot in the room.

I got an unhappy wife. I'm like,

we can't sleep. See you. Through the night, or I gotta put a bunch

of fans on. Mostly not happy wife.

Never wanted an unhappy wife, right? Suddenly it becomes super urgent again.

I'm gonna call them. I'm gonna pay more money. Hey, I'll pay an extra

$500 for the, you know, kind of emergency service.

Like, what's the fastest you can do it? Oh my God, I need it

right away. All of that. Now,

if I'm like, you know, if I know that's coming in the- near future,

then like, theoretically I should just take care of it today before that happens.

But I'm a human. Don't wanna spend the money.

And so probably I won't, right? So again,

you- you- you can become urgent enough again. But what if,

like, the air conditioning just sorta works?

What if it just works for the next- you know, if it works well

for the next couple of months, we get through summer, then,

you know, days are cooler, the air conditioning doesn't need to work as overtime.

You know, it goes next year. Even though I bring down- I'm, I'm expecting

to need to buy a new air conditioner.

Your air conditioning unit within the next, you know,

week or two. The randomly works and now the pain point won't be urgent

enough for me to take action, right? So

that's not specific to an ad, but that's just the human nature,

you know, that occurs. And there's definitely a scenario where- if I

woke up this morning and the first thing I saw was like an ad-

that was like, you know,

Parkland, Florida, this area I live in currently,

right? Parkland, Florida, like, air conditioning,

like, top of the line units,

white glove delivery, same day,

4th of July sale, 30% off,

$2,500, like,

have your new air conditioner, you know,

call before 10 a.m. and have your new air conditioner installed before 4 p.m.

If I just saw that ad in that very moment when I woke up

against a very specific ad, I get it. But if I saw that ad,

that I would have called them and bought the air conditioner, right?

Because at that moment, the pain point is urgent. Now if I saw that

ad, I'd be like, oh man, wow. Right?

Like, as urgency, there's a, you know,

time urgency, you know,

things like that, but I don't know that I would,

it's more 50-50. Right? If I just saw an ad that was like four-day

air conditioners, then I'm not buying it.

Right? So, these are the reasons for a little buy-one.

It's just kind of set that as a framework. Or as a foundational thing

for mindset. And then,

I'll start the next video. We'll go through band and cart sequences.

We'll go through welcome, winbacks, promotional stuff,

then I'll create a quad project,

which I haven't done yet, but spring- pretty easy. Umm,

that, you know,

we'll be able to spread out all these different email sequences for you.

Alright. Thanks.