Alright,

let us go ahead and look at some examples here.

So,

like, what I did here is I took some proven band and card sequences

for brands I'm a part of, and I used,

in this case, Quad, to create new ones for hypothetical

products and brands that are pretty similar.

Uh, but, that way I didn't have to give away,

kind of, proprietary stuff for any of those specific brands.

So, I did, we'll look at three here.

Two of them are going to be for the same weight loss supplement,

and they're going to be two different styles. And then one's going to be

for that hypothetical Airbnb book a call one,

so we have an example for that too. But we'll start with the supplement

one. So, the first of these sequences is really,

like, more discount focused, right? know,

a thought process here is,

a big reason they didn't buy,

sorry, is price,

and we're going to, you know, maybe a lack of urgency,

right? So, email one,

pay your vital burn per order. 50% savings is waiting but not

for long. Finish what you started and save 50%.

How does 50% off sound? Okay, this is aggressive.

I get it. But this is what you're really trying to,

like, liquidate and convert.

Essentially by liquidate I mean, like, get an abandon to be a,

You don't have to start with 50% off. You can start with, like,

20% off or something like that. This is,

like, a really aggressive, like, Oh,

actually, you know what? No, I'm lying to you. The thought process on this

one is actually more so, like,

There's two ways you can do it, I guess. I was actually thinking of,

when I had this, when I created this one, like,

it's 50% off the normal retail price,

not 50% off the price that everybody saw.

Uhm,

Could be either way. You can

Going back to my pre-pregnancy genes again, this stuff actually works.

All you need to do is complete your order to officially get started,

which means getting the clinically-dosed formula that's helped thousands activate their bodies' natural fat-burning

mechanisms. As a bonus, when you take action today,

you'll automatically save 50% on your Vital Burn Pro order.

Click here to complete your order, plus save 50%. Enter code SAVE50 at checkout

to instantly cut your investment in half. Now again,

this is, Why do I have this?

So I may have to tell you, you know, even those claims are really

big of losing that much weight, so before you think I'm doing this for

Black Hat, I modeled this one kind of off of,

um, for our telemedicine company that does GLP-1s.

So, in those cases, like,

people can lose a lot of weight, right? They're proven weight-loss drugs,

so that's kind of where these claims are coming from,

too. Um,

but again, you could, You'll see how weight-loss when you get to the copywriting

aspect of it. You could also just say Navicode,

you could also be, like, you know, clear order, you'll save 50% off the

retail price, right? And assuming, like, maybe that's already what you had on there,

something like that. Um,

It won't take you more than two minutes to finish

up, lock in your new customer discount before it expires.

And by the way, you can also just use 20% off, or 10% off.

Right? Umm,

your Vettel Burn Pro will be rushed, rushed up to your door into street

packaging. I'll see if you want to make sure, you know, this is just

an example. So, like, um,

within two to three days, which means by this time, next week,

you could already be filling your metabolism fire up like you did years ago,

watching the scale drop consistently for the first time in months,

experiencing steady energy without crashes, sleeping better and recovering faster,

fainting to those you thought you'd never wear again, they're finally feeling confident in

your own skin. So don't wait, click here to complete your order and say

50% off. We could say 50. The path to a leaner, more energetic and

confident you is just a few clicks away. You've got this. Sarah at Vettel

Burn, right? So this is just a made up person.

P.S. Your 50% new customer just kind of expires in just a few days.

Take a few minutes now to put your order so that you can begin

your transformation for paying some of the dollar. You'd help.

Or have questions, yes, for real people, and we're going to help call us

here, rapidly talk through, um,

walking through the process and locking your savings before it expires.

Okay, so look at anybody like this. What are we doing? Kind of like

motivating them. Like, it's sort of, it's easy.

Some social proof here. You're doing 15,000 people.

Like, but, you know, I'll include,

like, before and after pictures here, right? Stuff like that.

Umm,

kind of minding them of how this, you know, this really works.

The savings, there's a bit of urgency,

right? Like, hey, you have to act fast. It's going to be fast and

easy. Anybody want any complete information,

right? Like, okay, we ship to your door, you know,

some future pacing, right? Like, look at,

this pa- how can we sell it really soon, right? And

then even, like, with, like, the call center,

you know, like, this is really helpful if you have that,

because it's like, now I'm making you sell more people that way.

But, it's also proof,

hey, this is real, you can trust us. Um,

and if they have hidden questions or incomplete information,

that you have an address. Now I'll come up when they potentially call the

call center and get answers to where those questions are,

right? So, You want

to do? Social proof? Six hours later.

One quick note on this, why? Six hours later?

Because, Going back to,

like, urgency? You might mention about the air conditioning thing in the previous video,

right? Like, with every day from here's when

they were going to buy, it's kind of saying that I'll,

uh, upsell the YouTube. Here's when they're going to buy, and when they banded,

here's, I'm sorry, just 30 days later,

right? The more time between here, the less likely they are to buy,

right? Here,

they're really close, so hitting them more- regularly is going to make sense.

After some period of time, there's a good drop off like this,

right? It's kind of like, they're over it.

So we want to hit them a lot, even the first day. Okay, so

six hours later. You were so close, but I think it's

the image when you,

and it results like these one click.

Ready to see what's possible? You know,

you can still kind of go really heavy- with the discount if you were

just really trying to discount. Look as possible,

when you trust us on your fat loss journey name, meet Jessica.

I was skeptical, put a word, finally broke my plateau.

Best investment made my health down these dress sizes,

right? So, again, you can also include screenshots,

reviews, people on Instagram,

like, in posts, right? Things like that, too. Versus just these written testimonials.

It could. Right? Plus, there are thousands more of where that came from,

but you might still be wondering why should you trust us for your weight

loss journey? So,

it's like, again, here's stuff that may be.

Right? They don't trust you. Here's the way to trust us.

Some more information about the product. Right?

Somebody forgot about the guarantee. Maybe they- You know,

one I could maybe would add here, if I was doing those subscriptions,

like, no subscription, right? Or hidden fees.

Something like that. Might be good here, too. Right? And you're gonna save food

2%. You'll pay half price for the same. Science by formula, premium ingredient selection

results, others have a paid full price for.

Just enter this code. Don't wait. And soon,

click the link to the final step. Call center again.

And I'm gonna take two minutes.

You'll be happy you did. You know.

Cool. Okay. So,

day, next day. So, day zero and hour on day one.

Plus it's done with a social proof thing,

right? How I angel lost 28 pounds in 10 weeks.

How I even do the same for half the price. A quick story,

right? These are good.

So, this is gonna be like an emotional story.

Angels that are heaviest. She decided to try a bite of

burn. She started losing weight. Everything her life's changing.

She's doing all the right things. And now if I'll burn.

Oh, yeah. Sorry.

She's losing weight. Mike was saying he was trying to do everything right.

All right. But couldn't lose weight.

Now he's down because of vital burn. Same thing with Rebecca.

Yeah. These are common.

They can happen for you too. Future pacing. Imagine how good you could feel.

So we can use discount. Clear order. Remind

them how good it is. Others would pay. $129.

You can start for less specific. I would make sure what is the actual

pricing, right? Make sure you,

like that. Won't take long promise here to help start up vital burn pro.

Customer service stuff again. Um.

So if the personal stories, right, of people,

what are we really doing there? Part of it.

It is confidence,

right? Look, it worked for these people to work for you,

too. Maybe you've had a negative experience like you,

other stuff hasn't worked. This can still work, right?

Okay. So we, day, day zero is the data at the car and abandoned.

Last time it was the next day. It's through the day after that.

So, like, day two, technically.

FAQs. These are always kinda good.

So, again, if we go back to, why do they buy it and complain

for information? It's a big one.

One of the best ways to resolve that is with FAQs. These,

uh, subtletines are not bad. I

might even do one, like, answering your most frequently asked questions about vital burn,

right? Have questions about vital burn? You know,

alright. We answer your questions.

Okay, so, mind them with, like, the discount urgency.

When I answer the most common questions,

we hear from people like you who seem feel confident, right? Why should I

choose it over others? Okay,

here's why. How does it work?

Right, remember it does these things. I this is a guy who put that

in a bowl of supplements, so you may have different stuff in here.

What results can I expect? Work even if I'm busy and

can't exercise much. Yeah, are there side effects?

Is it safe? How soon am I order a ride?

How much does it cost? Well, you can save a bunch of money.

Complete short. So, questions cost, right? So this is really just sort of like,

you know, answering any incomplete information. Alright,

day five. I'm sorry, email five. Next day.

So first of all, it's only 48 hours left. This one really focuses on

this discount. Here,

we're gonna really educate them on the product, okay? We're trying to find different

angles and different reasons. Why haven't they bought yet?

They don't believe it's gonna solve their problem. The pain points aren't urgent enough,

things like that, right? In this case, we're sort of like,

They don't believe the product is gonna forward again. They've been,

they've been burned in the past. They bought other supplements.

They've been burned. What can we do?

Well, like, you know, this is different. Clinically,

back to ingredients. Here's one aside. It's so fine.

This is all just made up from quad. Umm.

Remind them of like, what they're getting. Like, you know, like,

sort of like, How easy it is.

Convenient. All that.

This one, again,

this is all optional. I don't hate it.

I might not start a 50% off. I might start with, like, 30% off

and move to 50% off or start of 25% off and move to 40%

off. You can play with that, right? Depends on margins, economics,

all that. This case,

We're kinda getting towards the end. So it's like,

I never do this. I just upgrade your discount,

right? So this case we're like,

alright look, they simply bought, you should be getting desperate because you know what

I said. The time frame goes like this,

so we're trying to catch them before they go off a cliff. Cause once

they go off a cliff, you can go all cranky about the money.

But, guess what?

You know, selling, collecting $40

instead of like, this is an example. Instead of $100,

it's still better usually than collecting $0. And they're a customer and especially if

the product is really good and you actually think, once they use it to

like it and all that, right? So this one's the correct,

I updated it, you know.

I really want you to experience this. Remind them of the- The benefits.

Click here, you use this coupon. Expires tomorrow no matter what.

You know, you're gonna get a bigger discount than other people.

People tend to like that. More social proof,

why wait? Click here. You've got this.

Go, right? Okay,

next day, final hours. So now we're gonna- Really hit an urgency,

right? To your last chance.

Click here. Social proof.

You've got to take action. That's sort of the end.

Now, realistically,

I might hit them with, like, three emails this day. I don't think I

caught this when I was doing the sequence, but, Other

emails and examples examples. I have three emails on the last day,

so you've got to see just mod off those. And you'll see we're going

to create a quad project where you can go just write these for you

anyway. Okay,

so that was, Example one.

But what if I don't want to focus so much on discounts?

Well, then, That's okay.

Like, this version of the sequence,

which you can go through, is going to be more about the emotional side

of it. And it will bring you a discount but not until day three.

Okay, so like, I get it. Right?

The moment when you catch yourself in a photo, uh, are you tired of

starting over? Right? It's the view we've been burned in the past.

It's a conceptual life for them. So there's a telecaster store. I got an

email from someone named Maria. Just told them what to change everything.

Just kind of stuff in the mirror and didn't recognize. For stuff starting back.

You know, it's emotional, negative.

Maybe you're feeling the same way. So we're gonna get really like emotional,

right? But here's the thing. You're not broken. You're not lazy.

You're not lacking willpower. You're just fighting a battle with the wrong weapons.

You know, you've been told calories and calories out. Just eat less,

move more. But they don't tell you it's like your metabolism changes as you

age. Your hormones shift. Your body fights back against every pound you try to

lose. And we'll power- heart alone isn't enough when your body's working against you.

So everybody tried everything. Nothing stuck until she tried a vital burn.

Right? So this is an inspiring story.

Hey, Val, burn pro is still waiting for you.

Get it, right? Her story is not you. You can hear from customers all

the time. I might still put the customer service info in the PS.

But this is a really good email, which is funny because this one's not

actually directly modeled. model. I mean, it's kind of is but not,

it's called Roku Copyboard. Six hours later still,

right? The rumors you can't lose weight can't be honest with you. But nobody

tells you about weight loss.

So again, your body's fighting you. So I think it's fail.

You can work with your body. That's what the supplement does.

Social proof. I'm going faster on these because you kind of got the gist.

But look at what are these ones doing? They're speaking in negative past

experiences. I mean, this won't be like it. And we're building up confidence in

them. And because we're having this authentic tone,

it's more likely that they trust you, right? That's

really what the, emotional sequences about.

I wish I started sooner.

It's moment cry. So

these are good. You can always play around. You can do 40% off whatever

it is. Again, you don't have to do 40%. You can pick whatever, 20%

off whatever. So gonna

be another emotional story. She found vital burns. I'm a little concerned.

Look at how, like, okay, look at the results you got.

I see you in it, like, right? Like, you know,

you can do this. You can do confidence blow to, right? Adjudance to any

point. You can be just like Rebecca.

Um,

but hey, I know something new feels scary, right? Lack of confidence.

It's been burned in the past. Um,

so removing the risk, 40% off. Boss come for guarantee.

Go ahead and try it, right? What about the future?

What if you're, like, so happy you did this? Go ahead.

Objection handling the emotional reassurance. But what if it doesn't work for me?

You got broken, you're just using the wrong tools, right?

What doesn't work for me? So again,

it's really kind of explicit.

like negative experience,

lack of confidence.

Stuff like that.

And then we begin to kind of also answering FAQs, right? So sort of,

like, income information. Objections we will have. Stuff like that. Hey- Thank you. Guess

what? It's cool, right? Increasing your discount.

55% off. I'm going 48 hours.

I've heard these stories. But what if it doesn't work for me still,

right? I get it. I believe it's just barrier,

right? Remembering costs, risk, time,

skepticism. This

is a really great email sequence to be honest with you. Umm,

I'm going to get a final day, 25 hours later. Discount expires.

I think it just ends here. It's more emotional.

Oh, no, good. See, this one has, What is this one here? 5 hours,

5 hours. This wouldn't really

be one day later. It'd be like,

I might just do, like, you know, I'm

going to get to 60 hours later.

Alright, this is it. Now I got a lot of scarcity,

urgency, or pushing hard that, or tying emotion,

all that kind of stuff, right? So, gosh, keep it the wrong thing.

You know, kind of like, urgency comes into play.

If I was going to pick one,

A lot of the two sequences, I'd probably pick the second one,

but then I would put in a, umm, like, you know, a phone number,

customer service stuff, at least, in the, starting the third email.

Okay? So, you'll have this one as well.

Okay, what

about the Airbnb arbitrage coaching thing?

In this case, I did where it's like, to book a call.

And really, like, this is gonna be,

there's not gonna be discounting this one because it's the book of a call.

So it's like really overcoming objections,

building urgency through scarcity and timing and reinforcing transformation.

So like, let's look at it, right? You were so close to your breakthrough.

You were just one click away. Hey,

you watched my presentation, you saw how Joey crushed

it, sir. Mark crushed it,

you just got the difference between the asset gap and income gap.

Again, maybe this would be a slightly different language based on actual DSL.

You're just the right of your side hustle, you know,

it's failed. You saw the exact method. I used to control 2.3 million assets,

right over 12,000 per month of passive income. But then you did book your

free asset control strategy session. I'm genuinely curious what stopped you.

Was it skepticism? I get it. It sounds good to be sure.

Was it- Here, what if you fail again? Was it timing? Your tube is

right now. Or is it just overwhelmed? This room's complicated.

Here's the thing. Whatever stopped you from booking that call,

it's probably the same thing that's keeping you trapped in the time for money

cycle. Because here's what I've learned after helping over 300 people build asset portfolios.

The biggest barrier to billing wealth isn't lack of money, lack of knowledge,

or lack of opportunity. It's hesitation that keeps you analyzing instead of acting.

So we're trying to create some more urgency here, right? We're also like,

can you- We'll see you next trust me, yeah. Like, I'm calling out the

things that you had, like the fear, lack of confidence,

all that kind of stuff, right? When you're thinking about our new search alternatives,

and when you're for the perfect time, the housing crisis is getting worse.

But a few more people are discovering this opportunity, more property owners are getting

pickier about who you're part of in the window for easy entry or slow

closing. And I hear a pressure on anything,

but I'm here to remind you of something you have to pass out of

you. Right, path one, keep what you're doing,

keep- trading time for money, path two, for how to build real wealth through

assets. Choice is yours,

but if you're ready to at least support path two, have an honest conversation

about your situation and see if this opportunity is right for you.

Click here to book your free asset control strategy, remember there's no cost,

the obligation to high-pressure sales tax, and it'll seriously be handled and limited,

right? You know it's you

objection crushing, right? Uh. I know this sounds to be mature when most people

don't believe this works. The skepticism that keeps people poor.

It's good such a line honestly. Umm.

Let me guess, after watching part of this, you thought it sounds to be

mature. What is good about this, here?

Because you don't want to call somebody out and presume to know a ton

of stuff about them. But you're like, let me guess.

After this, you know, you felt something like this.

Now you're saying this is what I'm guessing, so I'm- Wrong! Okay,

let me part of me is right. First of saying,

I know exactly what you're thinking. There's a big difference.

It seems really subtle and nuanced, but there's like a big difference between those

two things, right? But then it's like,

also subversion. I want you to be skeptical, right?

You've been burned before. It means you've been burned before,

right? I want you to think critically. It means you've been burned before. It

means you're not naive, right? But here's what I learned after three years of

doing this and helping over 300 p You're gonna be. People build their own

acid poils. People who are most skeptical are often the most successful.

So it's a really nice inversion here. So let me address the skeptics head

on, right? And start doing like an FAQ thing on doubts.

So what is this speaking to? I think I'm not going to read every

single line because you get these samples of it. Uhm,

you'll get the sequences, right?

Close that too quick.

So it's like, Confidence,

negative past experiences. Probably by subverting it and saying,

hey, good job. Like, be skeptical. You build a little bit more trust.

Uhm,

the price isn't an issue in these. This is book of call.

And there's a little bit more urgency of like, don't be stuck,

right? Also,

the limit, The temptation on the calls. So what if I fail?

And it's like, my biggest failure taught me this, the fear that won't stop

me. This is being a story about how,

you know, people who are afraid of who don't have confidence,

is what this email is really doing, right? Great. Now

we're going to have more urgency, market timing, you know.

Cause again, people, they are a conditioner. Oh,

I'll do it later, right? Hey,

like, every time it doesn't exist,

but optimal timing does such a good copy.

Clothes on fire today. Umm,

you know. And it's sort of using,

it's like, urgency plus- Logic,

right? I'm laying out the case.

Why? Which also helps with believability, right? Here are the reasons why.

Now we get into, like, more scarcity. Hey, only three spots left.

Can't help everyone. Here's

why, you know, I'm doing this also. Cause I will listen for you.

Why are you doing it, right?

Umm, and why is it so, why is it limited,

I guess? Like, why, why is there only a few spots left?

Well, here's why. Right, so more trust,

overcoming skepticism. You

know, six, peer pressure. So here's,

like, last people you were thinking about booking

your session, other people were taking action. and then time.

You tell you about three of them. Jennifer from Phoenix Posture Call Monday,

umm, we defined 47 potential properties in our area that can be perfect for

the actual method. She's not in negotiations with three property owners.

Expects to have her first partnership locked in within two months.

Like from Dallas Post his call on Wednesday. He was skeptical,

just like he might be. The three analysts market management situation.

He realized, so this is like really future-pacing, like, how valuable the call is.

This is a great email also. Umm,

they're all doubtful.

You know. Basically urgency,

hey, the people has to take a left behind, right? So it's peer pressure,

sort of like, hey, other people are doing this, why aren't you?

And then there's urgency, right? And it's a pretty hard,

more hardcore motion because of the same thing, even though we're not going to

buy one in the book. Oh, longer this goes by,

the more it goes like this, right? Alright,

final call. Last chance,

don't let this haunt you. This is it. So my final email.

I'm worried about you. I don't need this.

I recognize, you know, the pattern you're in. I loved it.

I used to be the same way. It's emotional,

you know. Kind of like the- Eeper reasons and motivations and making the pain

point more urgent. And then really pushing that,

right? So this is a great secret. I didn't go in depth because you

kind of- If you understand the theory and what's going on,

then you can read these yourself and analyze them. You don't need me to

read them to you. Like, story time hour.

But, these are pretty cool.

And it should be good. It should be solid for if you want to

do physical products. Like,

you know, if you're like, well, what if I'm doing not a supplement?

It's like, the cloud project will fix that and they'll do anything.

But it's still at the same principles, right? What if I'm doing,

you know, a 97 dollar, you know,

course? It's like, okay, well, we could just use the supplement thing,

but do a discount for a course, right?

And again, we'll have a quad, you know,

write all that stuff for us, okay? So that ends the abandoned cart.

The section, we'll move on to welcome sequences and other stuff from there.

Thank you.