Alright, so now we're going to talk about meta ads.

Specifically, we're going to look at different types and formats,

copy examples, all those types

of things. You've already kind of looked at these a bit before.

Like, when I've gone through the Cloud projects, especially for, like, short VSLs and

medium-length VSLs, right? A lot of those.

In cases, the VSL is really,

like, an ad that's going to run in, like, meta, for example,

right? Very common. Even some of the long-form ones.

Uhm,

similarly, when we looked at the meta examples for

advertorials, we looked at a couple ads and then,

you know, how they went to an advertorial and then a PDP.

Thank you. And yet again, even on the PDP one,

we looked at some examples of ads from, like,

Happy Mammoth and then how they went to,

you know, PDP. So, we'll repeat some of those brands.

We'll also have some other brands, too. I've got several in here.

But I want to talk about some overarching concepts first,

right? The first is understanding,

and this shouldn't be a new concept by this point in RBC2,

that you can't talk about ads without

assets. And what I mean by that is,

an ad will never exist in a vacuum,

right? You're not going to be able to,

like, you need to know what are the supporting assets for the ad,

what's the purpose, objective, and what the journey is.

And that should be pretty obvious when we've already looked at,

you know, examples from before. Like, I don't even know the order I have

all these things. Like, I think that might be Neuro to start,

which is kind of tiring to talk about Neuro, but whatever.

Oh, it's MiamiMD. Okay,

we'll come back to them in a minute. Where's my little odorless cat?

I mean, I could just type that. So

funny, I don't even know if this brand's at all, like,

how big they are or anything like that. I've just used them a bunch.

Uhm,

right. Two years of cat pee smell gone in days.

Most cat owners don't use this to eliminate their cat pee smell.

But did you know, right, we looked at this the other day. Okay,

so these are like static ads,

they're image ads. And what do you notice right

away? Same copy,

different images. So,

what do you see up here, the second point, is you can't get around

testing. This actually is going to kind of encompass both of these points.

You can't talk about ads of our assets, you can, can't get around testing.

What do I mean? Well, we've already talked about this bunch of advertorials.

This is going to go to an advertorial, right?

Knowing that,

and knowing that the advertorial is going to do a lot of the heavy

lifting, like, okay, we really just need to sell the click.

That's the objective of our ad, right?

And I just honestly,

Should have put that here. I'd

put it this way too, but let's say, you know, sell the prospect,

sell the click, and then this one can go up here.

So,

what's the difference between selling the prospect and selling the click?

In an ad like this,

we're not trying to sell this Cat P

device, we're trying to sell the click to the advertorial.

And it's a lot easier to

sell the click than it is to sell the prospect,

right? You don't need to do a lot to sell the click,

okay? If I have a house that smells like cat pee,

then I see these images and it catches my eye.

I still think this is probably the winning image,

right? This image,

this image, this image. This image, this image,

this image. Right?

So, I see all these images.

They catch my eye.

One catches my eye. I click on it.

That is the only objective of this app.

There's no long caption. Right?

I'm just telling the click.

And going back Back to testing.

That is a demonstration

of what we're talking about. It's also a demonstration of the level of

product market awareness. Right? So who is this ad really targeting?

Someone who is problem aware.

They may also be solution aware.

But really, they recognize they have a problem. Or need,

but are unaware of potential solutions. Maybe they know that solutions exist,

but they don't know about, you know,

our specific solution. You know,

most cat owners don't use this to eliminate their cat pee smell,

but did you know? So if we say don't use this, that kind of

implies people use a solution, but not this solution.

So, maybe they say they're mostly solution aware,

right? Probably if you did the research on this,

there's a lot of overlap, because if you're problem aware,

you have a house with cat pee all the time, you probably use solutions,

and also everyone knows about air fresheners and things like that.

So, we're probably somewhere in here, right?

Okay.

We want to get a new customer,

but how are we doing it? Right now, we're just giving them a sudden

little click, and where are we going to send them? We're sending them to

an advertorial. What's the advertorial going to do?

It's going to educate them more, then it's going to send them to,

uhm,

you know, a checkout page, slash, kind of, PvP.

Hybrid, as you'll remember from that advertorial example.

Back to testing, what are they testing here,

right? So they're testing images,

copies, exactly the same.

They're seeing which image gets the most clicks.

And what's wild, you will find this all the time,

is that same copy, different images,

will often have very different results.

I want you to know too, okay, look,

green background, cat peeing, cat's angry.

Similar green background, slightly different cat,

sad. Same background,

a deco cat, cat's happy, right?

So,

we're selling the clicks. We're selling the click to a long advertorial,

remember from this section, if not you should go watch it, uh,

which tells this whole long story of, you know, sweet Carol,

she's 76, you know,

tells about the product eventually, all of that, okay?

What about this ad? Discover how this smart device turned a cat pee ammonia

odor smelling room into a fresh paradise without any hassle in almost days.

What are we doing? Similar thing, okay?

That. Caption is the same.

Different thumbnails. Here.

Now, we'll come back to those in a minute.

See you later.

Okay,

So, similar music, but different hooks for all these videos,

right? They're different video ads. So now, same caption,

different video ad hooks. Same call to action,

still going to Carol F.

Actually, not still going to Carol F. They have that,

probably because it's their control, But these ones are going to,

This product page, which is,

Still long, but it's actually less copy. It's more about the product.

Why is it more about the product? Well, again, let's watch the full video

ad and see. Okay,

so I think we watched that, uhm.

We're gonna do that for a total example. But let's come back here.

So what are we doing? Are we,

Selling the click?

But we're also selling,

I should really do it like this. Selling the solution.

Right, here we're selling the solution. And yeah,

you're always gonna sell the click when you sell the solution.

The goal is, of course, to acquire a new customer. And here you're talking

to people who are, Problem aware,

and maybe solution aware, and you're making them, Product aware,

and frankly, most aware by the time the ad's done.

As a result, you're sending to an advertorial,

but in this case, you're sending to a,

Different, more product aware advertorial,

because now they're product aware, right? And the format is like a short video.

There are sort of commonalities that we may see as well,

so, Let me go back to the hook one more

time. Okay,

it's been five months since I got my cat, all he does is pee.

Let's see what's this one. So,

do you notice how, that was a different hook they were testing,

and then it goes back to the normal video. Here's another hook,

ready?

So that's your hook, right? I have three cats,

my home doesn't smell like it at all, here's how. Out of curiosity,

that's your hook, right? Right,

so all they're doing, and this is very common,

and you may recall from the short VSL example,

I think it was for the blood sugar one, it was like here's what

coffee does to your blood sugar, here's what sleep apnea does,

right? Like, what you'll often see with video ads,

really any link, but especially short ones,

is that the hook, the first, like,

you know, 5 to 10 seconds,

3 to 10 seconds is different,

the rest of the ad works, you're really testing hooks, and again,

that will have a massive difference on conversion

rate, as crazy as it seems.

So we'll. the thumbnail. So, the big thing with ads is,

like, understanding that, right? There's a lot to test,

so when I said before, you cannot get around testing

with ads. So look at that ad structure.

I've swiped some of their ads already, I'm pretty sure.

Where's my sweet little odorous cat.

My stinky little odorous cat. This

is of small, but it's okay. It's been five years since I got my

cat. All he does is pee on my shoes, my bed,

my pillows, the couches, and the laundry. For about a whole year,

our other cat had been peeing on the couch. I would scrub,

spray clean, and nothing really worked. Okay, so it's like,

after the hook, problem.

Catch you next time. I peed on the couch,

nothing worked. Other solutions didn't work. Finally,

we tried the solution. We plugged in this little piece of magic,

and the indoor air is back to fresh. What does that mean,

when my indoor air is back to fresh? No more constantly cleaning,

no more lingering smells. What does it mean on a broader level?

Well, it means my kid had become cranky and restless at home.

After we moved into a new house, I bought three of these, placed them

near the pet areas, like the litter box, the living room,

even the bathroom, and within an hour, my kid noticed that the awful smell

was gone. What a relief. Thank you,

product. What is a product,

and what does it do? It was powered by UVC molecular neutralization technology.

It's been a game changer. It's like having an invisible shield constantly breaking down

odors from a cat pee smell. As soon as we plugged them in,

our indoor air felt like an entirely different atmosphere. No nasty smell,

no heaviness in the air. I'm so thankful that we chose Clarify and Odor

Proof X for our family. Get it,

and get rid of your cat pee smell. Okay?

We have this one in our cloud projects for short VSLs,

I'm pretty sure, amongst, along with a lot of others.

So I'm not going to go too long into the structure because,

you know, we talked about sort of we analyze them and we show the

quad project for them. And

of course, you could just sort of go like, maybe what I will do

is this. Add, uhm,

if you were going to turn

hip into,

yeah, I know I did that in the short ones.

Outline what would the structure be.

To a templatized outline

used to create, I know I did the whole chat,

other, uh,

other products, brands,

what would the structure be? Oh wait,

shit, I didn't include Sorry,

here's the ad. Right,

so we already did this in the short VSL section,

so I'm not gonna repeat it all,

but if you're like, what's the structure, cool. I really like this structure,

I can do it, I can save it, I can write a bunch of

ads with this structure.

So that's one example.

When

I say, what is the objective? Acquire new customers.

I talk about testing. A brand

I would really look at is like Miami MD.

No, I would, I mean, they're a good brand to look at, I had

them up a minute ago, let's go back to them. Here's

what is cool with Miami MD, okay? Let's actually,

let's start here, okay? The truth about sagging skin.

Think that's just a natural part of aging. Dr.

Mangiola, Dr. J,

of Miami Celebrity Skin Clinic is sharing her groundbreaking at-home method that's making waves

across the country. This simple approach works with your skin's natural structure,

helping to visibly support a firmer,

smoother appearance, no injections or expensive treatments needed.

Women everywhere are raving about how their skin feels more lifted and toned.

Want to know how it works? Check out the free guide on how it

works below. Okay, well what happens if we click on the ad?

Takes you to, in this case, like a text sales letter.

Which is pretty rare,

even for Miami MD. So when I see that, I'm like, why do they

have this? Probably,

they're testing something. Okay, let's see.

Why are

some skincare things not so good? That's a pretty bad copy.

I don't like that one, you know, so much. Uhm,

but they test a crazy amount of stuff, right?

To their credit.

You'll see again, two different wires from skincare things not so good.

Okay,

so it's a 14 minute NPVSL.

So,

what's the difference between these two? It's

like literally the thumbnail, right?

They mostly test video, I'm not sure why. I'm not what they're doing with

that one random static, to be honest with you. But probably they're doing it

because they're trying to, what they're probably doing is they're testing like a new

hook as a text sales letter or a new like angle or proct or

something. So it's running a little static and seeing how the angle

works, okay? For years I was frustrated,

let's see here. For years I was frustrated,

for years I was frustrated, For years I was frustrated,

I tried nothing. Okay, so, again,

right? They're going to have basically the same copy four times,

this is going to be the same video, one thumbnail,

these two thumbnails are the same. It's really

just one Instagram and one is meta, it might be that because basically,

yeah. So really it's Sorry,

now what I'm trying to do.

What you start to see as you scroll is commonalities,

is what I'm trying to get to, okay? How our dermatologist Dr.

J has shared how she was able to lift and tighten her skin by

reducing the aging protein in the skin called produrin.

Okay, same thing here, same thing. Same thing here, same thing here,

same thing here, same thing here, same thing here.

For years I was frustrated. For years I was frustrated.

Do we have another one with the for years I was frustrated? For years

I was frustrated. Okay, so like, alright. This is probably kind of control copy

for them, okay? Okay, this one,

let's play it here.

Okay, so that was the 12-minute VSL.

So what are we doing? We're testing the hook,

right? I'm not

sure if

that one was different

Okay, for years I was frustrated. I kept sliding lotion on.

Blah, blah. Selling. Alright,

let's look at the caption. Let's look at this video. If

anyone remembers, this one, I think I went over it in another example.

At 12 and VSL. So it's a different lead,

and then it goes into the, I tested the products,

I like the lady. So,

let's go ahead and save this caption just to have it. So this one,

and all these video, basically all their video ads. Click learn more.

So now it's taking me to a quiz,

let's see if I skip the quiz. Now it's taking me to a product

page, and it's a, you know, okay product page,

frankly not incredible design compared to their competitors.

But it's not the shortest product page in the world,

but the selling happens in these

video ads, right? So

really, if you start going through the ads library you see,

it's kind of like the same hooks for a long period of time.

And often the same caption copy,

and it's really just, oh sorry when it's hooks,

it's like, they do have the same hooks

repeatedly. And again and again, that's how you can tell that a hook's a

big winner, and then also be throwing in other hooks,

right? But it's really like, if you look at the amount of,

like I'm just back to June 23rd here so far,

right? This is like, going back to,

even again when, back in the day, people would go,

uh, Oh, like starting,

you know, doing your own offers, easy.

It's like, for sure, yeah, you're gonna spend whatever,

thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars a month on your video

production team, and then you're gonna test all the ads,

and you have the ad spend to put into all these ads.

It's like, starting a black hat affiliate offer,

you know, used to be easy, but even that's not easy,

because you're competing with crazy deepfakes and stuff. Uhm,

the people who say that, and I don't know if the, the, I think

one person used to say that a lot, kind of like, got a bunch

of people to believe it, and they gave that person a bunch of money,

and then I don't think any of them have their own offers these days,

uhm, so, you know, that's interesting, but, uhm,

you know, it's,

it's not easy,

it takes a lot of money.

I mean, our skincare brand, we put $600,000 into it,

and it's working now. But,

really, like, you know, so in the case of my NAMD,

where it's mostly, like, in-feed VSLs,

often medium-length, right,

okay, trying to acquire new customers,

they are selling the solution, they're trying to sell the click.

They're talking to skin cancer.

They're comparing it to people who are typically problem- and solution-aware,

and might be product-aware also, but not for their product,

like, right, very similar solutions and products.

Where do they send people? To be able to,

like, a short, you know, medium-to-short product page.

And because that page is short,

they're using long videos. To make the sale,

right? Like, medium and long videos. They'll test statics,

but it's pretty rare. What do they do?

A lot of curiosity, a lot of education,

a lot of visual elements. You saw that in the ADHD hook ad breakdown

that I included, and how important the visuals were,

and they literally mapped out the visual for,

like, every step of, like, some of those ads for V-Shred and Svelte,

things like that. And if you went through the MiamiMD stuff like that,

more, or even the one with the lady, like, I tested three different skincare

taps. Social proof, right?

So now you can understand that, right? The copy you can write using the

short VSL stuff, I'm gonna save some of the captions as we go through

things, and I'll create a quad project for writing captions,

but it's really more about this deep understanding.

All right,

Happy Mammoth we already looked at, within the context of PVPs.

Your T is low and your

estrogen is high,

my doctor said, so I decided to tackle both. Here is my 6-day transformation.

So this is going after Guts, right? I'll read the copy,

give me a second. Month 1

started with T breakthrough, and it was like waking up from hibernation.

First thing I noticed, my strength came right back, no more struggling with weights

I used to lift. I know, I'll try to make this bigger for you

guys.

My thinning hair started feeling thicker within weeks.

Brain fog lifted, felt sharp, and focused again.

Started seeing muscle definition I hadn't seen in years.

Energy levels through the roof. Month 2 added estrope.

Estrope control, and it was like draining excess water from my body. My embarrassing

man b**** disappeared. My dad bod started melting off.

Clothes fitting better. Less bloating and swelling.

Mood swings gone. Felt more balanced.

No more water retention making me look soft. So what should I recommend?

Honestly, they work amazing together. T breakthrough tackles this.

Estrope control handles this. Or,

you know, use both. So,

if I look at an ad like this. Where it's sort of like a

little static. It's saying,

hey, I used both and it was great. To me,

It's pretty obvious that they're talking to people who are most aware.

At least product aware. Typically,

right? They're hoping that, you know, maybe they'll catch some other people too.

Like they have enough assets online,

so we'll go, you know, look around them. But mostly it's that.

They're trying to increase brand awareness. Yes,

they're trying to sell the solution and get customers.

The guy doing everything, right? The leads one is sort of very specifically Gen

stuff. But, uhm.

But then it goes to a PDP I'm imagining let's find out Actually,

this is probably their homepage, I think. No,

it's not the stack, okay. Okay,

this makes sense actually, right? They're selling both.

But they're also selling the click. This is a really nice homepage trying to

sell this bundle. I still think this is gonna be a killer for like,

it's great packaging, right? It looks amazing,

sexy products. But I still think this is probably gonna work mostly for people

who are already aware of Happy Mammoth versus people

who don't know anything about them.

I feel like even though it's a really good page, I'm sure they make

some sales, I don't believe that their CPA is really good on an ad

like this, even with the future pacing,

because of the packaging. Price point could be wrong,

but that's my guess,

but they have a lot of ads like this a visual, we looked at

some of them, and then, But

it's worth noting a lot of infographic-y things,

right? If you keep going down,

we'll find, eventually,

these video ads. Okay,

I'm trying to be funny with that one. Here's Emily again.

These ones are static, but a little more emotional,

like negative, right? But then the copy's actually uplifting.

So let's go ahead and take a look. Oh, Happy Mammoth, one like that,

right? 52, I got my figure back.

It's been 12 years since I felt this good in my body.

Since menopause, my body felt different, in ways I didn't expect,

but nothing seemed to help. Then I found hormone harmony

from Happy Mammoth, and wow, I did not expect this transformation.

Here's a transformation, I can't recommend it enough. It's called a self-treat for yourself,

and as I think we remember, this goes to a pretty long,

long landing page.

Honestly like this, pricing is kind of high,

honestly, but they built enough brand equity that I guess I think they can

do it, right? I'm gonna save this out of Caption as well from home

on Harmony. All

right, let's keep going because there's a lot of ad styles to look at.

I'm

not gonna spend that much time on Neuro. It's worth going around,

spending time in their ads library. This is actually an old ads library,

so I ain't nobody. I don't they were doing now, because I know somebody

who was stealing a lot of their talent and stuff. I

don't know if they imploded or not. But,

they were doing really well for a while. Worth looking at the copy.

And you would see, All

right, 15 minutes. 16 minutes.

Thank for your 4 minutes.

What I'm guessing is Nero stole. I know they're still around.

They're probably running not from their brand account, but from other accounts.

I'm guessing. I don't know anything about Nero. I'm guessing, right? But,

worth noting, testing different,

same caption.

Different video links. Why does that matter?

Some people need a 15 minute video. Some people are like, what the f***,

this is too long. 4 minute video works for them.

Here's the 2 minute version.

These are actual statics.

So their

sweet spots seem to be like

the 15 minute mark. But,

that being said, some different

options and links, right? Who's next on our adventure?

Uh,

I did the oddest cat.

It's kind of funny, some of these things that I've done.

For RBC2, and I'm, like, not even thinking about the oddest cat for a

really long time. Okay, BugMD.

These guys are running a lot of creatives,

too. You're gonna see two ads uses creative in

text. Five ads uses creative in text,

so you can kind of know when you see that, that an ad's good

or bad, right? OnceFlea is going to be a

really good ad, so let's Okay.

Oops,

sorry about

that.

So that's like a static

there. So,

all five of these images have the same caption.

Let me save that one. Is it ready?

Save

that caption. What happens if I click shop now?

Let's see. It's taking us to a PVP.

What do you think, right? You can already tell. Pretty short caption.

So the product page is gonna be pretty long.

Right? Makes sense.

Now I'm, I'm gonna guess they're gonna send all their stuff to this page,

but let's find out. Let's watch a video ad.

Okay, here's a video ad here. One

thing you'll notice is how a lot of these ads, after the end,

they sort of keep this up for a little while.

That's called action. Because otherwise it just ends and then keeps scrolling,

right? So you want to keep it going for a little bit of time.

There's a little timer, countdown timer here.

It's an important note. Let's see.

First-time

buyers, before you buy risky flea collars and drops,

Unleash this gentle and effective flea and tick killing spray.

So, still a pretty long landing page.

Claim your flea and tick spray today. Here's

their checkout. Interesting.

Save that for later.

Okay.

So in this case, I think everything is going to the same landing page

for them. But they're running a combination of video

and tick static. But this works because their video ads are pretty short.

They pre-sell them. And they typically are doing more video than static.

Lately, they've tested some more statics,

right? But in general, video has been more

commonly what they use, right? Everyone wants statics to work,

because if you can have a static work, it's like, it's way less,

it's easier to test stuff, it's faster, there's no video production even if you're

using AI, it makes sense, right? But typically,

yeah, how about that? So here's a spider one.

It's a creepy spider thing. Different

product, still long copy but not as long for longer videos.

This is interesting, right? So it's worth going through. So they were doing after

spiders for a while, lately they're going after the ticking flea

stuff for pets.

Bed bug problem. Let's see.

So what you notice

is they've got sort of a template that kind of works for the landing

pages again and again. It's worth noting that. And,

you know, you can see what,

you know, those captions are,

so save that caption as well. Alright,

let's keep on going. Go in here,

which one is this? HACA Superbiotics,

they're testing some statics. Same thing,

who's this for? Somebody who's already probably,

like, product aware, right?

Most aware. Watch

more.

But even if you're fairly aware of HACA, you saw them on TikTok,

whatever it is. Really nice,

long landing page. Which makes sense.

Kind of like Emma, I go, do you start to notice the commonalities here?

Okay, Emma does it this way. Happy Mammoth does it this way.

I'm gonna save this link. Because why would I not?

Huh,

interesting, right?

They also test a lot of videos, watch what liver flushes do to your

belly. This is gonna be more direct response oriented. So

what are we doing? Curiosity, right?

So this is gonna be more that ADHD hook ad here,

right? Let's save an ACA one to

the file I'm making that you can't see.

That I'm putting ads into. This

is gonna go to an actual VSL.

Kind of interesting, like, long VSL to another VSL.

4 minute video to another VSL. But we see people doing that.

We've looked at that in examples throughout RMBC. You

know, say like this, you know, why does this not go to a VSL?

Because you already gave away the product. That's why,

right? We gave away the product here.

So go to a VSL. That's gonna be like a long,

whoa, this weird liver trick doesn't make sense.

The gig is up, right? You show them this,

so now you're taking them to a product page. Because like,

the awareness level is instant, right? Yeah,

this is a product. I'm sorry, look, basically the product market awareness thing is

like these five phases, but it's like at the same time.

Like, at the same time,

you show someone your product, you instantly put them in the most aware,

right? Or at least, if not most aware,

you put product aware, right?

The very least of product aware.

So you can't come down and talk to them here, like a VSL,

it's like a blind VSL, is basically never gonna talk.

It's always gonna be somewhere in here, right?

Whereas, these ones are like,

selling the click.

Oh, Dr. Sam made a video, right? Go check it out.

Let's look at more examples. And I don't know where I was,

so let's find out. Look

at that. It's wild. I just guessed that I was the right one.

Alright, switch gears. Ryan Pineda.

Launched some stuff on June 24th. Okay.

What's the purpose here? See you later. Register for your free spot.

Purpose here is to be generating

leads. Yes, you want them to become customer. You always want your leads to

become customers, but it's getting them to generate leads.

Let's watch. Okay,

so what are we doing here?

People want to get passive income from real estate.

I'm going to show you a new way to do it.

I've got a master class.

Register. Right? If you look at,

okay, so let's, let's watch. That was that one. Let's see here.

Okay.

Different hook.

Oh, there you go. Right? So all you're seeing here is the shit tons

of hooks. Let's

see, these launched on June 24th.

These launched on June 24th, so what is he doing?

Outfit, wardrobe changes, different backgrounds,

different scripts. What is

the difference with these webinar things?

For bizop?

What are we doing here? We're really

focused on education, right? There's visuals,

there's definitely some curiosity, but education is the big element.

You can't use as much social proof with make-money stuff for FTC reasons,

but you educate, you tease a better way,

call to action, sign up for my masterclass,

right? Why are these videos not 20

minutes long, 15 minutes long,

10 minutes long, right?

Look, I'm out, because he's right here. Here he is. He's educating you.

Cool, wow, I'm learning something. This is great.

I want to do the masterclass. Landing page is very

short. Good design. Pretty short.

Why is it pretty short? Yeah.

Yeah, I need to be pre-sold, but I'm

not, My commitment is

attending a masterclass. And there's been a whole follow-up thing of,

hey, make sure you follow, attend the masterclass,

right? So,

where do we send people, right? I should probably put,

Like, every target should be here.

But, uhm,

yeah, like, registration,

sign-up page. Okay? Okay.

Damn,

I keep doing my, uh,

keep losing track of where I am. That was BugMD.

This is probably Ryan.

That was Ryan Pineda.

Okay, this one should be Calvin. Is Calvin Tran,

right?

So this is read first. Let's go ahead and generate 10 to 20K a

month on Airbnb without owning any property. The

new way to make money for Airbnb that anyone can start in 2025. On

this Breakthrough Live Workshop, I will be revealing the following.

Find a lucrative Airbnb guaranteed to perform. Secure funding at zero interest.

20K per Airbnb.

Strategies to outperform the competition. Let's see. Okay,

so Calvin actually does a lot of ads like this, because I spied on

his stuff earlier. Uhm,

and it's more, like, emotional, and it's more in the content of,

like, a reel or something you're going to see. I think it's smart.

A lot of people aren't doing this. Frankly, I would test it for other

niches, but it's going to be short.

Right? This is going to be the same thing. He's walking,

there's music playing, it edits, there's different captions.

Not every ad is this way, but a lot of them are.

Some are even shorter, like, 11 seconds long,

10 seconds long.

He actually runs a lot of these, too. If you go longer back,

you will find some where he talks,

but, like, clearly this is working well for him, is this style.

It's him, lifestyle proof,

captions talking to you, register for this workshop.

What's interesting is the copy length, right? So that one was short.

This one's a bit longer. This

one's really long. So he's really testing it testing caption length,

right, uhm.

So in his story, promising some stuff, things like that.

Where's it going? See exactly how this Airbnb strategy works better than buying

and It costs way less to start. Said Lionpaw.

Properties that barely cashflow, learn how to find units for rent and double your

earnings potential and still get the tax write-offs to clean your spot.

What you'll discover. Some videos telling you about it.

This page is a little bit longer.

Sign up for the webinar.

So it's cool, you know. Nice clean page.

You know.

The next live workshop is here. Clean your spot.

Clean your spot now. Spotster limited. Act fast.

So, again, the port, port, the point here is kind of like what the,

uhm,

like what's working. You just test a lot of caption copy.

Okay,

I think I got it. Two more, and we'll be done for now.

I'll take one of his, let me see. I'll

put one of these in the, uh, caption. Kind

of thing that I'm doing here. Okay,

this one.

One more bizzare. Okay, let me guess. Because,

get this. And

it goes to the studio, right? Some more

captions. There's a stupid civil side hustle that's starting to go viral among

middle class Americans. Doesn't evolve,

so he's, you know, talking to people who are, kind of,

solution aware. Affiliate marketing,

social media, selling on Amazon. In fact, this income strategy is 152 years old,

but it's just now taking the nation by storm thanks to a former Idaho

farm boy. He's been spilling the beans on how he's cashing in on the

once in a lifetime wealth transfer that's happening right now in America.

In fact, 6.1 billion dollars will change hands every day for the next 8

years, but you probably haven't heard of this because the mainstream media is too

busy scaring you about recessions,

inflations, and how it's getting harder to make ends meet,

but this is what's really going on. You gotta watch the video while you

can, okay? So that's interesting.

Okay, telling us to watch the video. So, you know,

it's weird. Sorry, my little dock over here, I, I don't know, copied, I

copied all the Calvin ads.

I think. Sorry, give me one second.

Okay,

I'll put that one there. Well,

let's see. Let's watch the video. What happens when I watch the video?

So,

he's sending me basically a little advertorial. Okay,

interesting. So, one minute ad.

Click the video.

And he's gonna hit you with a VSL.

It's kind of interesting, right? Different than a webinar model.

I don't know what his offer is or anything like that. Wish I could

just swipe it with a swipe order, but apparently I can't. But,

different model. So, going back to what I said earlier about the sort of

like, no right way.

I think I'm talking about PDPs or maybe I said in this video. That

there's this kind of like, no right way.

It's almost 52 minutes in, going to gem dropping.

There's no like, magic thing that's like,

better than everything else. Different formats. Well,

you could sell the same project service using five different funnel formats.

And so much of it is just testing and seeing what works,

right? Uhm,

so yeah. And the last one I think I had was David Project.

Let's go look at our friends at David Protein Bars.

Interesting,

they have a lot of, you see a lot of static ads when you're,

uhm.

Tell you got a caption that works well.

I

don't know who this dude is, it's kind of funny. Nothing against him.

So anyway, we're just chatting tons of hooks with this dude.

How about over here? So

what are they doing? A lot of UGC,

social proof, real feeling people,

in this case an AI voiceover.

That's like their entire style, right?

And they kind of call out like a pain point,

or like an educational. Hey,

this person is good, shop now, and their landing pages are kind of weird,

but they seem to be doing well, so what are you going to say?

What's weird about David is like, I'm trying to sign into Google on

their site,

uhm, it's a pretty basic PDP,

and the ads are pretty short, so so I wonder about that.

Why? I think it's the ubiquity of ads,

and the price point isn't too bad for a protein bar.

Honestly, I think it's something where people are very aware,

and so if you've seen a protein bar,

you think it probably is good,

you maybe, honestly, they do so much advertising that I feel like,

you know, you become product aware of them.

So then you're product aware. I really would guess that very rarely do people

buy the first thing they see an ad for David. I think what happens

is, like, you see their ads enough, you become aware, you watch one,

one of these messages just resonates with you, you click,

you're like, f*** it, I'm gonna order one, right? So it's not necessarily retargeting,

but it is, like, an example of,

kind of, increased brand and product awareness,

but that's really just due to frequency, right? With frequency,

your awareness increases, and then eventually,

you know, they're selling the solution, you click whatever it is,

you click on an ad, you say, ah, $40,

I'm gonna try some protein bars, and you buy it, right?

So you become, you're, like, most aware, product aware,

right? So, that's interesting from a strategy perspective,

because, like, what are they doing? You might be,

sort of, like, problem aware, but you didn't have their ads a lot,

eventually you become product aware. More aware,

right? So, I'll create a little quad project on this.

I'm gonna, honestly, I mean, I'm literally gonna do it, like, I'm just gonna

give you, like, the recipe for it, because I just feel like,

you know, it's just gonna be like, hey, here's a bunch of, like,

for a quad project, hey, here's a bunch of, like, caption ads,

like, you know,

I'm gonna do these so that you can create new caption ads, right? It's

gonna be, like, basically as simple as that, so, it'll be like a two-minute

overview video, but it's not gonna be long. Uhm,

you'll have all these examples to go play around with, hope this was helpful.

You know the short video ads already from the other trainings you've done,

which is what a lot of meta ads are. Uhm,

understanding the purpose is more important, I think, in a way,

than the copy. Like, you'll make a copy, that I think from RMBC,

so understand the purpose of what you're trying to accomplish with the ad.

So, there you go,

thank you, good day.