Alright, welcome to Upsells.

So, at this point in the journey,

if you go back to that initial sort of overview,

you know, we're now on to living over here.

The satellite is still not even a final version of it,

but you

know, basically we've completed that first customer journey.

We got them from point A, not a paying customer,

to point B, a paying customer. Uhm,

we've looked at a lot of these different formats, right, add to VSL to

checkout, add to advertorial to VSL.

I mean, I won't do the whole recap. I'll probably have done that in

a different video, honestly. I don't record it yet,

but I will. So I'm trying to think where I have it.

I think it's down, where's the second journey? I think I have it down

here more. Right,

like, okay. We got

them to buy, that was journey number one. Now journey number two is like,

how do we keep them buying? How do we keep them a customer for

life, right? And the first most obvious type of thing would be

upsells. Right?

Some of these things, ignore them, they're notes. We'll look at sort of email

sequences, promotions, things of that nature,

and then get the bonuses. So,

we're on upsells. This is the new journey. Journey one from A to B

is complete, right? Now,

I mean, technically this is still the same at the very end of journey

B, like they bought once. Basically they bought once.

They just bought once. They got from point A to point B.

When is the number one time that you're likely to get them to buy

again? It is moments after they just bought.

Right? They're already in buyer mode. They've already committed.

They've pulled out their credit card. They've already made the mental leap of,

I'm going to give this company money, or this person money,

or this brand money, or whatever it is. So,

being like, well, I'll give them a little more money is not a never

going to be easier than it is right then and

there. And that's with upsells, right? And we're going to go through all this

here, but it's sort of like, there's a, I'm trying to think of how

I could explain this. With a

good brand, your time horizon is

like, I hate how the formatting of this is.

Whatever, just have to deal with this, right? Kind of long.

Alright, you've got, it's honestly just like a whiteboard almost,

but it's fine, like, right? Like, it's sort of like,

you know. I'll

probably do like an intro video of this sort of part of RMBC,

and then repeat what I'm doing here.

But essentially, like, okay, say here's where they make their first purchase.

Okay. Terrible,

uh, graphic. Right?

So,

if you make a really good brand, and you build a good relationship with

them, getting them to buy again here,

and here, and here, and here,

and here, and here, is totally possible and doable,

right? But the future is uncertain,

and if you don't build a good relationship,

or things in the market change, or whatever it is,

it may be that all of your sales kind of come here.

For people who do, like, click bank offers,

like, really aggressive offers, don't build relationships with their customers,

or aren't building brands, all their money is being made here.

And this includes first purchase, but then,

you know, upsells, email list,

etc. And that kind of dies out. Maybe,

maybe they randomly get one here. Maybe,

maybe they get one here. But, like, less likely.

But even if you do have a great brand,

and they're gonna buy here,

here, here, here, here,

here. Don't mind the length, right?

Okay, cool, great. You still have to contend with your AOV.

And by that, right, it's sort of like,

Essentially, you're CAC or C++.

But you're paying to acquire a customer.

And then your AOV. And then your margin,

right? I'll do another training on funnel economics,

right? But I'm gonna put it here because it sort of sets up what

we're doing with upsells and the logic of that process,

right?

Let's say you pay $100 to acquire a customer.

Without upsells, let's say your average order value is $80,

and let's say your margins, your COGS are like $20,

right? So, basically your margin is,

like, negative $40,

right? Does this make sense of all the players?

COGS, $20,

right? So,

you basically lose $20 between,

you know, your AOV is essentially synonymous with revenue,

right? Okay.

So I pay $100,

I get $80 in revenue. Which means

I've lost $20. My COGS are,

you know, $20. Which means I've

lost another $20.

So then, my margin is negative $40,

right? Or, it's $60.

Fine. But,

basically, negative $40 makes more sense, right?

It's minus $20 minus $100,

minus $20 minus $20. It leaves $60. And

I've lost $40, right? So

how do I fix that? Well,

one of the ways is gain your AOV,

your Origin Order Value. Up here in the first purchase.

So, let's say my CAC CPA

is $100 still, so my AOV is now $160.

Okay.

Which means I've made $60 gross.

The COGS

are now $40 to get that AOV up.

Okay.

Now

my margin makes a net like this. Okay,

so $160

minus $100. Right, this was $80 minus $100 is negative $20.

$160 minus $100 is positive $60 minus $40.

Um,

I don't know, see this is almost confusing, right? Now

my net profit margin is $20,

okay? There's a huge difference between

negative $40 and $20. Difference between

an 8-figure business and a,

either business that fails or that takes a really long time to scale,

because you can go negative sometimes when you're doing subscription.

And again, I'll do another training on funnel economics, I know I'm kind of

like riffing on this,

but I think it's kind of important to understand it. So the big difference

is, if this is true, then what

can I do with that? I can take out $20, either make more money

and go get my Lambo faster, or I

can apply that to my CAC CPA.

So then I spend,

let's say, $120, $50

My net profit is zero, but I'm not losing money on customers.

Why would I do that? Because maybe now I can acquire,

you know, twice as many customers.

Maybe, maybe if I, by unlocking $20 additional dollars in a Lambo CPA,

I can get double the customers. Maybe it's just like, you know,

1.3X the customers. But either way,

I get more customers. But would that matter if I'm on subscription?

If I'm going to have, if I have a brand,

if I have a brand where they're going to buy here, here,

here, here, here,

here, here, whatever it is, then I don't really care if I break even

here. I'm not losing money. I don't care if I'm going to make money

here, here, here, here,

here, here. And when I'm doing that,

my cap is going to be zero,

right? So even if I'm paying COBS, my margin is going to be way

higher for all of those places.

And by the way, this is why subscription businesses are really nice,

too. Because on a subscription business, you know,

you don't guess what? Like,

basically, if you keep someone on retention, they buy here,

break even, they buy here, here,

here, here, here,

whatever it is, right? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, rebuild cycles.

Maybe they, maybe you get them here and they just buy 1,

2, 3. But either way,

there's no cap, there's additional times,

so you make all your money back, which is also why going negative to

acquire customers is actually a totally fine model if you know what you're doing,

right? But,

if you don't know what you're doing, or even with,

like, you're early on, and yes, you have a subscription business and you,

like, wanna, you don't mind going negative, but, like,

right now you also don't have the money to just go at a loss

constantly, then one of the most obvious things you can do

is get your AOV up, right? And,

the most obvious way to do that is through upsells.

So that's sort of your setup for upsells. I'm gonna take this.

I'm gonna not, I'm deleting it, don't freak out.

That can go away. Go

down here basic economics.

Those are important.

Okay, so that's down there. Uhm,

it's really important because, again, a lot of people don't have the money,

starting out, to just go negative a ton,

knowing that they'll eventually get rebills.

It's the same reason I've talked about with, like, GLP-1.

The space I'm in, Telemedicine, one of the spaces I'm in,

I think it's virtually impossible for somebody else to come in. I made a

YouTube video, and I think, I might include that as a Funnel Economics video.

I gotta go back and look at it, and double-check. If not, maybe I'll

put it somewhere else. People always ignore this,

but it's like, I don't know how you could do marketing without thinking about

this stuff, to be completely honest with you, right? Uhm, and even with Opal

Beauty, you know, we've lost, we've put $6,000

$600,000, more than that at this point, into the brand,

and it's really just in the last, like, month that we've started being profitable

every day. Uhm, and part of that's because we've rebranded,

and all these other things. But,

even when we were losing money, figuring it out,

I was like, well, at least we have a high subscription take rate.

The problem was, our products were not good enough, so our subscription take rate

was good, but our rebills were bad. And so,

one of the reasons, I basically redid everything to get better

products. Okay, we're 12 minutes in, I haven't barely even talked about upsells,

but hopefully you understand why I shared this and why it's valuable,

okay? So, let's go to actual,

practical stuff with upsells, and then we're gonna do some shopping with

Stefan. You know what I'm gonna do? I'll start that on a new video,

if somebody wants to skip that. The funnel economics part, they can,

but I actually really think, hopefully everyone watches this video,

because unless you're, a lot of people just don't think this way,

even kind of experienced operators. So,

I'll stop this so that we are more clean when we jump into upsells,

okay?