Alright,

welcome back to upsells. I ended up doing kind of like a funnel economics

thing for the first video, which you may have seen. So now let's get

more specifically into upsells without all the preamble.

We'll talk about upsell one,

and we'll talk about like kind of additional upsells after that.

And then I'm actually going to buy a bunch of stuff live here.

So you can look at upsells in real time,

because I think that's more helpful than me trying to teach

off of old stuff, okay? So for upsell number one,

what are we really trying to do? You know,

on a broad level, it's like we're reaffirming their purchase.

Hey, you made a great decision.

Great job. Everything's about to change for the better.

Okay? Then we're typically introducing a

new problem, and we're making them an irresistible offer.

When I talk about the new problem,

I'm

going to play this, actually, and do R expand. There's

a couple ways of looking at this, okay?

I have them down below. What people often do is,

the new problem is,

hey, you just got this product,

but what if you get results, and then you run out or you have

to pay more money, right? Like,

that's what a lot of people do. Hey, you just got this product,

great job, what if you run out and

get any results,

but, I should Results,

we run out and the product is gone.

It's either out of stock or costs a lot more money,

right? This is like a very standard

baseline of cell 1.

And it's fine. It works.

I'm not gonna say it's not the best. Sorry, I know I'm going slow

because I'm thinking as I talk. And it's also rare for me to go

slow anyway, but, um.

Like, it works, but it's not always the best. It's fine.

We'll probably see examples. Of this as we go through,

I would imagine. What are other things?

What are new or expanded problems? We'll come back to what we're saying in

a minute. New problem examples,

right? Hey. Pretend it's a dating thing. Now you know how to get girls

to go on dates with you. Now you have this new problem.

How do you not screw it up? Right? How do you actually seal the

deal? Get her to become your girlfriend. Get her to go home with you,

whatever. If I switch it around,

hey, you know how to attract the right man,

but how do you keep him? Right? I'll put that here too,

so we're not just, uh, doing this for the bros. The right man.

How do you keep him?

Right? Okay.

Hey, now you're gonna be skinny. What about stretch marks?

Kind of f***** up,

but, you know, you'll probably lose all this weight,

but here's the thing, some people lose a lot of weight, and, you know,

there's some stretch marks, and look, those will go away with time,

you know, saggy skin,

things like that, uhm,

but we've got this sort of special cream or whatever it is that is

gonna eliminate stretch marks and tighten your skin,

right? It's gonna, Like a sculpting, toning cream,

or it's like a fitness program that's gonna,

you know, help make sure that doesn't happen, right?

Or, hey, you're gonna be skinny, but what about a six-pack,

right? Cool, you'll be skinny, that's awesome, but, like,

it's one thing to be skinny, it's another thing to be desired,

sexy, turned heads, you know, I'm gonna show you the fastest,

easiest way to get a six-pack, uhm,

so that, you know, you're gonna, you're not just skinny,

but you look, like, sexy. And tone,

and all that, right? This is from,

uh, a guy back in the day,

he was in pro briefly, and he was sort of a shade ball,

uh, but he was doing, like, those bracelets and things,

and I remember seeing his upsell screwed up,

but it was kind of brilliant, because it was like, oh, you're gonna get

this, you know, magic bracelet that makes you rich,

uhm,

but, new problem,

once you're rich, all these people are gonna come into your life trying to

be freeloaders, and steal from you, and all that,

how do you avoid them? I just get, kind of ridiculous,

but I'm like, you know, in a, in an evil way,

pretty brilliant. Think about,

like, a survival, you know,

offer product. Hey,

you're gonna have, now you're gonna have, like, a home aquaponics system,

right? Now you're gonna have a bunch of food, during a crisis,

you'll have fish, and water, and all that kind of stuff.

How do you protect it? Like, you know,

here's the thing, like, right, your home, especially,

like, we're gonna show you how to make it secure, but,

at the end of day, like, you know, people, they might start to notice

that you guys aren't leaving your home, that you,

they're gonna wonder what do you have going on, how do you make your

home, you know, bulletproof, how do you put a perimeter around it,

how do you stay off the radar, and all that, right?

So these are sort of, like, new problems. You just solve this problem.

This big problem, but it's gonna create this new problem,

okay? Well, guess what? Here's how you fix it.

So, when you're doing this,

you're not selling more of the same, right?

When you're doing this,

I'm glad I said more of the not

more of the same. That's kind of a weird phrasing,

right? But, like, when you do more of the same,

it's like, hey, great job.

You're solving the problem. You're not introducing a new problem,

as far as, like,

you're not saying you,

you know, say it's a weight loss supplement. You're not saying,

what about saggy marks, but what if you get great results and now you

can't get more of them, right? Uhm,

and so, that's sort of, like, the more of the same template.

And it's good. People buy more of the same. Uhm,

so there's not really much you can do. You can't there.

That's

always the, I'm trying to think in my head of, like, a counterfactual.

Maybe there's an obvious one I'm not thinking of, but this is pretty much

always the case. But if you're not selling more of the same,

then it's like, here's a new problem. and when I say expanded problem this

is where you're going like Okay,

hey, you just fixed your knee pain. What about your back pain?

Hey, now you're gonna have younger looking eyes because of like a skincare product,

but what about the rest of your face? Now you're gonna be more confident

with women. What about confidence in all the other areas of your life?

Now you're gonna have a secure home during a crisis, but what happens if

stuff hits the fan and you're away from home? And what would the products

be here, right? Well, like, a back pain device or supplement or whatever it

is, probably like a device or stretches or whatever,

right? Um, be a, you know,

a cream or like a serum for the rest of your face.

Um, this would be some kind of a maybe coaching program or course on

like inner game in the dating world.

And then this would be like,

you know, maybe a guide or a thing for,

you know, sort of how to survive on the road. Even if you're like,

you know, kind of unprepared because you know,

you're a prepper and you're prepared, but you have stuff in your car,

like, you know, things happen really fast.

It's like, God forbid the one time you're like,

you know, an hour from your house,

but something crazy happens and you can't, can't get home or whatever it is.

Right. Probably paint the picture of being with your family.

You know, here's what you can do to basically set up like a shelter

or like a secure, locked down, like secure,

like fortified place and survive no matter where you are,

whatever it is. Right. Quick,

funny note about dating is like, this is all the dating code.

Everyone I know who's ever sold dating hates it. They end up just hating

it. They hate working with the guys. They hate the business.

I don't know a single person who loves doing dating, which is why nobody

stays in dating long term. But one of the reasons they hate it is

because basically all of the guys actually see like a life coach and it's

literally about confidence and like themselves and it's like their mindset

and basically none of it's actually about women at all. And so the kind

of funny thing is even when you see these raunchy dating offers,

they all end up becoming like actually about this.

So it's kind of funny. Um, now I'll see Well,

I think the note would be if you're going to look at it as

far as upsell one versus upsell two,

upsell three, or sometimes you might say upsell one is more of the same

and then cross sells or you're selling other things,

you know, typically upsell one when it makes sense is

to be more of the same. Sometimes it'll be new problem.

Why does it make sense that way? Well,

because, like, when would you not do more of the same?

For example, if you're selling a subscription. If I just sold you a three-month

supply on subscription of,

like, a product, selling you another six months of the product doesn't really make

sense. Because then you're not going to stay on subscription.

I want you on subscription, right?

Uhm, if I just sold you a $2,000 product,

a,000 sauna, does it make sense to sell you another

$2,000 sauna? Probably not.

People will talk about this, like, who's the best person to sell a Rolex

to? This guy already has 10 Rolexes. It's like, yeah,

true, but they already have Rolexes.

This guy doesn't have a girl guy or gal doesn't have a sauna yet

so in the most second sauna? You could test it,

but it might not be the best thing, right? But test,

selling them like a cold plunge thing, selling them some kind of biohacking stuff,

selling them some optimization thing if we're talking about infrared saunas

for biohacking, you know,

selling them something that's gonna, like, give them even better results would make more

sense, right? So, this works for,

like, a lot of supplement things, one-time buyers.

For subscription, or for things where it just doesn't make sense to keep something

more of the same, then new problem is where you usually go,

and then after the new problem, and you get to additional upsells and cross-sells

is where you usually sell them solutions to expanded problems,

and I say expanded because they are are related still.

To that initial pain point, but you're sort of expanding outward,

right? And then if you go back to where we're selling them,

better results, faster results,

easier results, expanded results.

We may also be selling them savings,

like in the case of upsell one, and wholism.

You just solved part of the problem, now solve the entire problem,

or a listen, another big, urgent problem,

right? So sort of like wholism would really

come into play with that expanded thing,

right? Uhm, savings is sort of like everything,

but also especially that upsell one. I'm

thinking if I would almost put like security,

but really, even if I go back to upsell one,

hey, you got this product, what if you get results, you run out,

you know, like you're selling

them savings,

but you're also kind of selling them better results because you're like, don't. You're

gonna get better results if you keep taking this product,

but if you run out, you won't be able to have better results, right?

Uhm,

again, faster results is

actually important. I'm trying to think of where I would put that in

here. There's

actually an important one I'm gonna add in as a caveat.

This is where better and faster and easier results might all come into play,

right? So, for example,

uhm.

Um, we just bought this.

You know,

Detox Recipe.

Yeah, this is, uh.

Detox, uh, Weight Loss Guide.

Now buy the Detox Powder.

That does all the work for you,

right? I'll come back to some of these examples here.

Uhm,

you just bought this great $10 hearing aid.

Now get the version that's 10x better

for $149. Upgrade your order.

See what you'll see this model a lot too.

Especially with devices. Uhm,

and so, these are I guess not new problem examples,

but I should put, I should actually do this as its own category.

So

it's probably, is that 20? Yeah,

it'll probably be

easier results.

I mean, let's do

that too, right? Like, Sabra Subida's like, you just bought this money-making

blueprint. Uhm,

let my implementation team do,

oh, sorry, marketing. Make this a little bit cleaner.

Now let my implementation team do all the work of

setting it up for you. Or,

now let me give you

all the scripts, templates,

et cetera, so it's faster and easier,

right? So maybe it's like, a team does it,

maybe it's like, I'll give you the, this is actually a common ascension thing

too. For like, info stuff and like,

make money, agency, whatever. It's like,

okay, I'm selling you this system. Alright,

and now we do all the templates and things, it makes the system faster.

Hey, you know what, why don't I just like, have the team do it

for you, get on a call with us, right?

But what are we selling? Again,

better results, faster results, easier results,

sometimes expanded results. Okay,

better results, going back to like,

this here, it's like, better hearing aid,

right? Oh, you can just use,

uhm, you'll get better results with these templates, and you'll get them faster, right?

And it's gonna be easier. Okay,

so that's sort of the framework we can look at.

I'll make, I'll clean this up a little bit, right? More

of the same, improved version. Comprehensive

product and service means saying that either solves the new problem,

or the expan- ended problem.

When you get to additional upsells,

after upsell one, it's

like, you know, usually you're solving a new problem,

or an expanded problem, sometimes you're, I think he has to put a improved

version, actually. Because

I've, like, done for you, right? And you might be selling to the community,

hey, join this membership community, it's incredible, you won't be alone,

lots of people are with you, you know, all that,

okay? So,

this is a good overview here.

I'll keep these digestible, I'll pause this one, I'll stop this video,

and then we'll get into examples,

and we'll kind of go back to our framework as we're doing it,

okay?