Alright, welcome to the advertorial section for RMBC2.

So, the first part,

what we're doing here, is just kind of going over advertorials,

what their purpose is, what some common elements are, what the common lengths are,

and why for those lengths, like why you would have them.

And then we'll look at some examples specifically from meta and from native. And

we're going to do the native ones in kind of real time, because I

think it's helpful, and we'll go from there.

So, probably the easiest thing for me to do is

pull up an advertorial example. So I've got the odorless cat

here. Sorry,

I'm doing it. I really prefer doing my,

uh, my Zoom where it's like, uh,

sharing the screen, but okay. So what they're selling,

they're selling some kind of, like, device that's going to eliminate cat pee smell

in your home, right? Uh,

two years of cat pee smell, gone in days.

Most cat owners don't use this to eliminate their cat pee smell,

but did you know more? Ooh, what's more?

I'm going to click. Eliminates cat pee smell in your home.

Must read. CarolF76 never imagines her beloved cat almost kill,

uh, would almost kill her. Don't know what that's all about.

Learn more, okay? So, these guys are selling this,

like, device. They've got some video ads.

So, they're showing the device here in this ad.

So, let's see what happens if we learn more. It's going

to take us to an

advertorial.

Okay, I'm assuming if we click on this ad where there was no video,

it's going to take us to the same advertorial.

But it's not, and that's important.

This is actually great for first examples,

okay? So,

to get back to this overview, what are the purposes of advertorials?

I want a little space in here to make this cleaner. One

of them is to do the legwork of selling a product or service.

What does that mean?

Let me show you. Stick with me,

this might seem a little bit weird, or maybe you're feeling a little confused

already. Alright,

so give it a minute. Okay,

so this is the cat device, cute little graphic.

This is a PDP, right, Americans are using this innovative device to eliminate airborne

cat odor. So when you look at this,

this is a pretty short, basic page.

Okay,

so the question becomes, If I just did

an ad, Two years of cat pee smell gone in days.

Most cat owners don't use this to eliminate their cat pee smell,

but did you know? If I clicked on this,

and it went, Right to here,

clarify on 4th of July sale,

some little pictures of my device. 5 reasons to try it.

Americans are using this innovative device to eliminate airborne cat odor.

People are cat friendly, no harsh chemicals. Works on cat odors from urine,

feces, dander, and more. What are these?

These are basically like some benefits, some features,

really features, and a little bit of benefits.

Oh, it's in high demand. You know,

buy a bunch to them. FAQs.

How does it work? How do I take care of the device?

What kind of odors can it eliminate? How do I replace the bulb?

How many do I need? What happens if it doesn't work?

How long will it take for my odor to arrive?

Okay? So,

realistically, zoom out.

You're a consumer. You got a cat that's,

just peeing all over the house. You got this smelly-ass cat,

just peeing everywhere. Okay?

You see this ad. Two years of cat pee smell,

gone in days. How many cats smell from your home?

You click on it, and it goes here.

And it's like, okay, using this innovative device to eliminate airborne cat odor.

People and cat friendly, no harsh comments. Chemicals,

no video, no big explainer.

Are you really convinced that it works?

Probably

not. You might see it Bullshit.

It's bullshit. You're not. If you were browsing meta,

going about your life, saw an ad like that,

interesting, clicked on it, came here,

like, will this page, can you do that? And would it ever make a

sale? For sure. For sure you would make a sale.

But the amount of money you would spend on ads for

each sale would be way too high to scale.

What do I mean by that? What I mean is, and by the way,

I know some of you know a ton about advertorials, you know all this,

but lots of people don't, I'm,

you know, just kind of, and even if you do, it's good to zoom

out and really think about the purpose of things, right? What I mean is,

you got like, you may need to spend $400,

$500 on Meta in

order to get people to buy.

to actually click and purchase.

Because most people, most people, the vast majority of people will come here,

or would come here and be like, I don't know what this

really is. Okay,

like, yeah, does it really work? I'm not sure.

Then, even if I was gonna buy,

even spending $45 is a lot,

spending like a hundred and,

whatever this is gonna be, like a hundred and nine dollars,

right? Six would be, like what, a hundred and seventy something dollars.

Nine,

it's gonna be like, you know, two hundred and eighty

dollars or something like that? I don't know, nine times, oh no,

that's not that much, I'm sorry, I can't do math apparently. But,

like, basically, over two hundred dollars,

I'm not gonna spend that much, but if anything,

I'm gonna buy one. So, your problems,

let me start a new, and this is sort of related to,

like, funnel economics and things like that, right?

The problem is gonna be, I

don't know how to correct that, if you go static

add, there's a way to start that, to Here

are the problems. Okay,

your CPA is going

to be way too high,

your AOV is going to be way too

low. As a result,

you will lose money every day and never be

able to skip. Okay?

Does this make sense so

far? So, again, this little ad to a page like this is not going

to work. Right?

So,

I'm even going to go further.

Like, add

example. Show pdp

example.

They have this as a checkout. It's sort of like a borderline pdp versus

checkout. It's kind of more like a pdp.

I mean, I guess it's a one page. It's a one

page, sort of pdp, product page, checkout hybrid. Okay,

fine. But. So

I

put pdp. Why? Uh, prospects are not educated

enough. They don't

know how

enough product. Plus, pain point doesn't feel urgent enough. Or the copy doesn't do

anything to really enhance the pain point,

right? So,

That is where

an advertorial comes into play, right?

So, when we clicked on this one,

this one took us to this advertorial.

Look at that, it's a cute cat with piss all over her chair.

How this grandma effortlessly eliminated her cappy smell from her home

in just thirty minutes. Carol F,

76, never imagined the cappy smell soaked into her rug would almost kill her.

Okay? Happily retired, her new passion was spending time with her cat and reading

a new book every week, she often entertained guests in her home with Mr.

Whiskers until something terrible happened. I mean,

this is silly, like, Mr. Whiskers is the cat saying whatever.

But, these guys run some ads, seems like it's okay.

What I want to do is I scroll through here is before I even

get to like the entire purpose, like, what are we thinking that the purpose

or goal is going to be here, right?

It's going to be

to sort of tell a story,

builds a connection, engages,

hooks somebody in, right?

So there's going I'm gonna be. Some curiosity,

it's gonna be personal, and it's gonna be emotional,

then it's gonna be educational. By educational,

it's really like about, about, uh,

UM, unique mechanism stuff, and

or product, okay?

So, going back to this one,

Starts off with a sort of personal, emotional thing,

there's curiosity, how would a smelly,

smelly piece of rug almost kill Carol F? Okay,

and the other thing is,

go back to the ad library,

Why do people go on to Meta,

or Instagram, like, why? You know, Facebook, Instagram, things like that these days,

it's like to talk with friends, but it's also to consume content

and news. Most, a lot of social media is being done to consume

things, right? Even Meta, like,

these days especially, people are sharing,

like, articles, opinions,

news, like, it's more topical,

right? And so. Not always,

people go on, they know they're gonna see ads, the market's conditioned to see

ads and go buy, but They also

go on to consume stuff. So, Happy Retired.

Her new passion was spending time with her cat and reading a book every

new week. She often entertained guests in her home with Mr.

Whiskers until something terrible happened. One afternoon,

while hosting a book club in her living room, right on her freshly cleaned

carpet, Carole noticed a sharp smile in the air.

She'd just scrubbed the area earlier that morning, so she brushed it off as

a leftover cleaner or her imagination. But then a headache gripped her skull,

so violently, it felt like her brain was being squeezed dry like a lemon.

Ouch. She quickly grabbed a glass of water and some painkillers,

but little did she know, it was too late. As she desperately tried to

shake off the pounding in her skull, a tightness in her chest squeezed her

lungs and she couldn't breathe. She felt the floor beneath her tilt sideways and

her vision began to blur. She fell to her knees,

crying in pain, too dizzy to even stand.

The headache was bad, Carole recalls, but the embarrassment of crying in front of

my friends was worse. I couldn't stop crying.

My skull felt like it was being split open and my headache got so

bad, my friends almost called 911.

A couple of days later, Carole started experiencing shortness of breath and her lungs

felt like they were filled to the brim with water. The headache and dizziness

didn't go away either. With so many, how many?

Health risks associated with chronic headaches, shortness of breath, and dizziness,

Carole decided to see a doctor. The first thing the doctor asked was if

she had a cat, because he had seen many patients with similar symptoms and

they all had cats. The doctor said it was just a bad reaction to

the toxic cat pee smell and litter box odors lingering in her home,

and especially in soft surfaces like rugs, carpets, and bedding,

that lucky it wasn't something more serious. Carole's heart sank.

Could it really be that serious, she asked. Absolutely,

the doctor replied. You're breathing in ammonia from cat pee,

and if it's not cleaned properly, it can lead to permanent lung damage and

increase your risk of severe respiratory diseases like pneumonia.

Carole is not alone. 66% of Americans are pet owners,

but many don't realize that the smell from their pet's pee can severely damage

their health. Uhm,

even after cleaning the carpet or mopping the floor, the microscopic odorants can remain

in the air for weeks or even months after the incident.

These particles cling to near the nearly every nook and corner of your home,

especially soft surfaces like carpets, rugs,

cushions, and bedding. Okay, so this is, I mean, I'll be honest with you,

I think it's kind of a weird advertorial, but I know they've been running

this for a while, so it seems like it's working well enough.

Uhm, I think

you've got this out of this grandmother effortlessly living in her cat pee smell

from her home, okay? Uhm,

but if you think about this here, it's sort of like, curiosity and emotion.

And then if you think about it, it's sort of starting to go into

education here, right? We're educating them about,

like, the problem, right? What's the problem?

Well, you're breathing in ammonia, it can increase your chances of pneumonia,

which is something that older people are very scared of,

kind of rightfully so, but, uhm,

66% of pet owners, uhm, of Americans are pet owners,

they don't realize damage. Now we're kind of getting into,

like, the UMP, right, uhm,

microscopic odorants can remain in the air for weeks or even months,

they cling to nearly every nook and corner of the home,

what you need to know is cat pee contains toxic uric acid crystals that

release ammonia, which is a chemical that lingers in your air for years and

can cause lung diseases like pneumonia, constant respiratory problems,

headaches, and chest pain if not cleaned properly, and that's not the worst part,

continuous inhalation of ammonia can

lead to irreversible damage to lung tissue,

resulting in increased risk of pneumonia and increased susceptibility to more respiratory infections.

Her doctor also said that, actually, she likely didn't notice her cat's pee smell

until it started damaging her health because she developed olfactory fatigue,

also known as nose blindness, when the human nose gets used to certain smells,

it starts forgetting to detect them, and peeing In fact,

since Americans spend 90% of their time indoors, significant exposure to cat pee smell

and ammonia can also increase the risk of asthma by up to 5 times.

Unfortunately for me, it took years of suffering to finally make me realize how

sinister the ammonia cat pee smell can be. It wasn't just the discomfort from

the chest pain and lung crushing coughing fits, it was the thought of losing

my one joy left in life, spending time with friends,

family, and of course Mr. Whispers. I wish I had known about the threat

of ammonia sooner. Carol News,

New She had to do something to get rid of ammonia and cat pee

smell floating through her home's air, especially after realizing that no amount of scrubbing,

vacuuming, or carpet shampoo could fix what was lingering in the air.

That's when the real nightmare began, Carol said. I called a cleaning service,

and they wanted to charge $600 just for one treatment.

Way out of my budget. So I went to the store and purchased those

eight air fresheners, and what a waste of money. Within two weeks,

they had completely stopped working, and when they did, they only temporarily masked

the ammonia cat pee smell and indirectly eliminated the root cause of my problem.

Running out of options, Carol had a tough choice to make. Spend a fortune,

deep clean your home, or give up her beloved cat,

Mr. Whiskers. But this retired grandma was about to get her answer from her

friend, literally. While chatting on the phone one day,

Carol mentioned to her friend Lisa, who also had cats,

that she was struggling with intense chest pain and headaches because of the ammonia

cat pee smell. She asked Lisa, how are you able to have guests over

with your cats in the house without them being overwhelmed by the ammonia cat

pee odor? Lisa laughed and said,

wait, there, I'll be right over. A few minutes later,

Lisa came rushing through the door, grinning ear to ear,

holding a box, and that's when Carol noticed a tiny white device in Lisa's

hand. Trust me, said Lisa,

you'll love these little odor eliminating devices. They're the perfect solution and were specifically

made for us cat owners. I use them in my bedroom and living room,

but you can use them anywhere. You don't want ammonia or pesky cat pee

smell lingering in your breathing. They work like a charm. She wasn't kidding,

said Carol. Later that evening, I plugged it in and let it run.

I was skeptical at first, but to my surprise, the air smelled fresh and

there was no trace of lingering cat pee smell or litter box odors.

Not a single whiff of ammonia ever since either.

Carol didn't realize how bad her air was until her chest pain evaporated and

her air started to taste crispy fresh.

She no longer feels stressed or suffered from relapsing. A lot less ammonia-induced headaches

and coughing fits. She was later on her feet and felt ready to take

back control of her life as if she had been given a fresh start.

The small device had a label that read Clarifian Odorex.

I had no idea how it worked at the time, but was thrilled,

Carol recalls. I immediately grabbed my computer and ordered a few more,

just to make sure I have one in every room for my house.

The best part is, said Carol, the air deodorizer is filter-free,

easy to use, and highly energizing. Plus, it also works automatically 24-7,

so Mr. Whiskers and I never have to lift a single finger to breathe

fresher air. I ordered 6 more since I noticed they sold out a couple

times before. It's called Clarifian Odorex,

and the way it eliminates ammonia cats through smell and litter box odor is

surprisingly simple, yet shockingly effective. Okay,

so we'll pause here for a minute. This is a long advertorial,

right? Why is it a long advertorial?

We already talked about length here, right? Short,

you know, kind of short, medium, long, let's call it, right? These are guidelines,

not like, Golden rules.

Something could be 150 words, something could be 2,500 words.

I'm curious how long this one actually is. All right,

but really what they're doing in this one is they're calling out a very

specific market,

which is kind of elderly people,

elderly cat owners. They're dramatically amplifying and intensifying

the problem. Hey, that cat pee smell isn't just gross,

it's f****** up your health, could give you pneumonia,

messaging, message, messing with your lungs,

causing asthma, all these things that you're scared of as an older lady.

It's doing all these things. You can say it's screwed up. I'm not here

to judge. I'm just here to report the facts. That's what it's doing,

right? Kind of tells the story. It's got this hook,

the cat pee, the smell of soju and sugar rug would almost kill her.

I mean, it doesn't. It's sort of weird here,

because it says, oh, fortunately this thing is serious,

but it's very serious, right? You know,

luckily it wasn't something more serious. Could it really be that serious?

Yeah, it's very serious. Does it make sense fully?

No. Educate on the UM,

Unique Medicine. Mechanism of the problem, right? Then it's sort of like,

alright, my friend suggests, uh,

something. Like, my friend suggests a solution.

Kind of a tough choice to make, right? Kind of amplifying,

like, okay. Other solutions are expensive and don't work.

You know,

oh, cleaning is, I don't know, it's going to kill me.

But, like, $600, air fresheners are a waste of money,

right? But then, there's the turning point, right?

Like, there's like a Sherpa appears if you go back to the structure.

Um, in this case, it's a friend. She comes over,

she has the device. I was skeptical,

but suddenly everything gets better,

right? Thanks to the solution. What is the solution?

It's this thing. Clarifying OdorRx.

And, by the way, there's like a bunch of little subtle things to get

people to order lots of them, right?

It's a cool, it makes sense this product as something that would do well

with like D2C, um, with direct response elements.

Because, it's like, you probably have rooms all over your house,

put one in every room. Oh, I don't wanna, I don't want ammonia crystals

in my bedroom, even if I clear them from the laundry room,

right? Like, oh, I ordered more,

just to make sure I had them in my house, right? Um,

I ordered six more because they sold out, right? So, scarcity right there.

And now, that I've introduced the product,

let's go to like the features benefits. What's the actual product?

So, this portable and powerful plug-in device uses UVC molecular neutralization technology to

ensure ammonia cap free odor indoor airs.

Clarifying OdorX uses. UVC molecular neutralization technology,

I think it repeats technology twice, a powerful scientific solution that gives you the

unfair advantage to eliminate ammonia cap free smell,

litter box stink, and other nasty odors in your home.

It works by using a special light bulb that uses powerful UVC light rays

to eliminate on a microscopic level almost 100% of all airborne odors,

like from cat pee, litter box waste, cigarette smoke,

mold, bathroom funk, you name it, from there you breathe.

No wonder New York City uses UVC light technology to take sewage water and

turn it into clean water for the public. That's well known to be the

champagne of drinking water because it consistently wins an annual taste test against other

public water sources. Okay, really long copy,

but basically, wow, this is legit, because even New York City uses the same

technology. In fact, using UV disinfection in hospitals is also becoming

an extremely popular method of assuring protection against the spread of harmful diseases with

a high rate of efficacy. Oh, wow, this is gonna keep me safe.

I'm not gonna die. It's no surprise,

then, that the Odor-Rx, which uses the same UVC light technology to eliminate ammonia

cat pee odor, is so powerful and successful. Clarifying Odor-Rx is truly the easiest

and quickest way to protect your rooms from pervasive ammonia and pet odors.

It effectively eliminates all odors from your cat's pee,

litter box, pet dander, and regular home odors,

and cleans the air you and your family breathes. It's one-fifth the size of

some trishaw. Odor-Rx automatically eliminates ammonia and other pet

and household odors 24-7, so Carol and her family can breathe fresher,

cleaner-smelling indoor air without lifting a finger. No more thinking about giving up your

cat, and no more poisoning your home with air sprays and fresheners packed with

toxic chemicals and fruity artificial smells. Within two weeks of using it,

Carol was amazed to see that, in addition to her home's indoor atmosphere,

her social life and overall well-being also seemed better. She no longer had to

worry about giving up Mr. Whiskers or spending a fortune on professional cleaners,

so they're trying to, like, amplify it even more. After a month,

Carol said all her friends and family told her they noticed a huge boost

in her energy and enthusiasm for life. She was back to her old,

vibrant self, eagerly hosting gatherings and spending quality time with loved ones.

Even Mr. Whiskers could tell the difference. Carol also shared that her sleep quality

at night also improved significantly, and during the day,

she felt more refreshed and active, as if she was 10 years younger.

So now it's like, wow, oh my god, your whole life's gonna change when

you buy this odor remover. Gushed to all her friends about the Clarifying Odor

X, she immediately ordered six more of the life-changing devices,

okay, to give to other cat friends.

So like, yep, people order lots of them, so you will too.

Carol said, Clarifying Odor X eliminated the pervasive cat pee ammonia smell and

litter box odors for good and saved my social life and my health.

I can finally enjoy my retirement to the fullest. With my friends and family,

and of course, Mr. Whiskers by my side. For the 64,317 new customers last

year, was it really worth your attention? Okay,

now it's back to feeling like an advertorial. Oh, I'm gonna,

like, we're reviewing it, right? So,

all the social proof, but yeah. So it's like a little bit more of

like the, you know, kind of like, solution,

the UMS, right? The product as UMS, really,

you could argue, okay?

It was only released recently, but it's already captured the attention of millions of

American families and cat owners. Once people learned there was a safe and affordable

solution for effectively dealing with pervasive and persistent ammonia-filled cat pee and litter box

odors pulling their indoor air, they are more than eager to give the device

a try. As a result, Clarifying Odor X sold so much more than the

family-owned company was prepared for. In fact, last year,

Clarifying Odor X completely sold out their inventory twice.

Oh my gosh, scarcity! Hyper on this breakthrough.

The device has been spreading through online and offline word of mouth from satisfied

cat owner customers. Here's some more social proof.

This one's clearly AI. You know,

a bunch of them are probably AI. I mean, I think the whole avatars

are by AI, to be honest with you. I tested Clarifying Odor X myself,

and here's what I found. Week 1.

I'm not gonna read this copy and all of this, but basically now they're

like future pacing. Week 1. Hey,

Week 2. Week 3. Oh my gosh,

everything's great. My final thoughts.

So now it becomes like more of that avatar. If you're tired of persistent

cat urine odor in your home and want to breathe better, switching to Clarifying

Odor X will actually save you time and money in the long run.

Traditional air purifiers and professional cleaning services can be expensive,

right? They can cost $2,500. They require time-consuming maintenance.

Clarifying Odor X is more affordable,

less bulky, and less noisy. That's why devices like this are one of the

fastest-growing trends among cat owners. I used it for more than a month and

confirmed that it effectively eliminates cat pee ammonia odor and other unpleasant pet and

regular household smells, which is something no other device can match.

Most importantly, it means you no longer have to choose between your beloved cat

and a fresher-smelling ammonia odor-free home.

With Clarifying Odor X, you can have both. How much does it cost?

Is it worth it? Clarifying is regularly priced at $44.97 per device,

which at first seemed a little high, but after spending seeing how it completely

changed the way I breathed at home and eliminated the ammonia smell from my

cat's pee in almost a couple of hours, I realized the product offers a

tremendous bargain. Oh, they're running a limited bundle and save promotion for additional

discounts through today.

Oh my god, today's the last day. So for people who don't know,

right, this is dynamic. This is going to update every single day.

Right now on their website, they're offering a unique bundle and save save try

their best-selling cat air deodorizing device at a significant discount up to 72% off,

but only while supplies last. As someone who has reviewed hundreds of innovative home

gadgets, I can honestly say I've never encountered a product that offers such significant

value for such an affordable price. I highly recommend Clarifying Odor X to anyone

who wants to protect their home from harmful airborne odors like the ammonia from

cat's pee and enjoy fresher, cleaner air. Update.

Oh, sorry. Since this was published, there's even more buzz.

Inventory is dwindling. They're offering an internet-only promotion and bundle discount.

Only available. Find out if it's still in stock. Click the button below.

Click here to check availability, use it for modern,

fresher air, apply a discount.

This is an advertisement, So

how's all that here? I wanted to say advertorial at the top,

yeah, it does appear. It's kind of funny,

it has actual ads on it.

I don't know why they have that, that's kind of weird to me. But,

you know, the, yeah. If

you're like, okay,

like, let me see this thing here. So we just went through a lot

of this. I want to make something really clear. What if you wanted

to, if you want to swipe

this, what could you do?

Here's an advertorial I just read,

can you please go through it and then create a detailed outline

of the structure. Now note,

you can do this in the cloud project for advertorials or you can just

do it right here. I'm just going to do it right here to start.

Just copy and paste it in.

Classic advertorial, using the problem,

agitation, solution framework of emotional storytelling to sell an airplane.

Headline and hook,

problem introduction and dramatization, crisis escalation, expert validation, problem magnification, failed solutions,

solution discovery, transformation story,

product explanation, social proof,

reviewer credibility, cost analysis,

urgency and scarcity,

all of that, okay? Red flags?

Totally. Plenty of red flags. Okay?

So, honestly,

beyond the old advertorial project thing, perfect,

thanks, this was great. Let's write an advertorial

for Opal Beauty. That follows

the same structure, specifically for our Unity

Pi Serum. Always remember the link,

Unity. Now

again, we've got our cloud project for advertorials, but just for fun.

Let's do this real quick. I just want to show you how you can

do this. This is not where I'm going to go through the whole advertorial.

And now you're just perfectly swiping this advertorial.

So if we liked it, we're going to swipe it for our product,

our brand. Bippity boppity boop.

There we go. Okay. I'm not going to even go through this whole thing

cause that's not the point of this one. This is more about overall advertorials.

What I want to note, okay,

is we go back to like sort of the problem,

right? This to this CPA is going to be high AVSB 2

low, right? hence

the point of the advertorial.

So if you go sag ad,

long advertorial,

short PDP, What can happen?

Here

are the benefits, right?

Your

CPA is going to be way lower if it's a good converting advertorial.

And your AOV is going to be way higher. So,

this is true. Assuming that,

you know, the copy is good, that it's speaking to the right demographic,

the right level of product-market awareness, the right psychographic information,

the pain points, all that, right? But,

you know your market, you've done the research. Uhm,

the product is good, you know, the UMP for it makes sense,

all that. And,

then the copy, you know, is good, the structure is good,

all these sorts of things. Well, how do you know the structure is good?

Well, you go find things that are working in a model of structures,

kind of like I just did here. And your AOV is going to probably

be way higher, because if you go back to this checkout slash PDP page

again, they've got these different, like, hey, order more.

Again, if I just saw the ad, I wouldn't do that, but if I

read this whole long thing, that's like,

you know, she ordered more,

it keeps selling out, so she ordered more, every room,

like, oh, smart people order more, order more.

My AOV is going to be much higher.

And,

the other really big advantage of this sort of model is

it actually simplifies, I hope this doesn't get too complex for some people here,

but, it shouldn't, I don't think, I think you can handle it.

It simplifies testing a lot,

right? You just got, I mean, yeah, you'll test stuff on this page,

I'm sure, but, really,

what you're doing is you're just testing ads and advertorials,

and this page sort of is basic and stays the same,

and you don't need to do a ton with it. And, it's easier,

in a way, to do that It's easier to just put up tons of

advertorials that go to this page. Everyone's got to test tons of ads,

that's just the state of marketing in 2025. So,

it's kind of easier than doing this, making big changes here all the time.

And

so, it simplifies testing as well, right?

Plus,

it simplifies, testing.

Okay? So,

that's one journey for clarifying borderless cap.

But as you recall...

let me save links here to this,

That's

actually images, so hold on a second. This

markup hero thing, does it it

breaks it up into several sections, you can click through, 2, 3,

4. It's kind of annoying, I like it when you got one long thing,

but it's fine, share. Here you go,

okay. But now, let's look at,

Aslibrary again,

as you'll recall. We have some videos.

What

is that video ad doing, right? Well, it's,

I'm gonna save some of those, I'll save this one for fun too.

But, like, so it's amplifying

the pain point, it's talking about the product,

it's revealing how it works. Uh,

you know, some of the benefits for kids and family.

This one's not going after the older demo,

it's going after a younger demo. So, given that,

would it make sense to go to this advertorial? And the answer is no.

You could test it, but probably not.

Because here, we're really amplifying the pain point,

we're introducing the product, all that. Right?

And that ad, when we just watched,

we've done those things. Which is why,

it's going to a very different type of page.

If your home reeks of cappy, or you're struggling to breathe,

suffering headaches, or feeling dizzy, this science-driven solution is a lifesaver.

Here is why. So, in this advertorial,

and yes, I'm looking on desktop, if you look on mobile,

which you should always be doing, inspect, you won't see that little side thing

that you saw up but for

teaching purposes only. This is just easier to be on desktop, okay?

So here, we're talking about the device right away.

Why are we doing that? Because we have introduced,

uhm,

the product already,

right? We've introduced the product in the ad,

we amplified the problem. So this is still actually a pretty long advertorial,

but not as long, and it's a lot more graphically advanced.

heavy, you might be noticing, okay? So it's showing you these images,

like, it's working, the product graphics,

wow, okay, look at this, this is the magic thing, this thing is incredible.

Uhm, note, after reading this,

you won't want to go to another,

you won't want to go another day without this game-changing fix to the toxic

cat pee stench in your home. If you're constantly being hit with a sharp,

icing-y stench in your home that feels like acid burning you're not.

If your throat tightens, your head throbs like your skull is being split,

or you feel like every breath is crushing your lungs,

chances are that your air is contaminated with toxic ammonia fumes from lingering cat

pee. This isn't unusual,

especially in homes with multiple cats, but it also isn't just an annoying stench.

Cat pee actually scientifically packs a whole lot more ammonia content than even dog

pee, which means if you let this ammonia-filled odor spread and stick to your

air, you develop unbearable migraines during the day,

and relentless sinus pain and chronic coughing fits during the evening,

not to mention higher risk of respiratory infections,

painful nasal irritation, and tightness in your chest.

And worst of all, you might not even notice how strong it's gone due

to nose blindness until you have guests over for dinner.

But it's not just fellow humans who suffer. Cats are at risk too.

The lingering ammonia odor in air can stress your cats,

to anxiety and prompting them to urine spray.

and mark their territory even more frequently indoors.

Find out below how you can eliminate the cat pee smell in your home

without lifting a single finger, okay? So,

still clawing out the pain point, it's amplifying it,

it's telling you how bad it is for you, it's also bad for your

cat. Here's the thing,

if you don't target the root cause of your cat's foul ammonia smell,

then you're going to wake up every morning with a scald-splitting migraine,

choking, and coughing on the toxic fumes from the ammonia in your cat's pee.

The root cause of your cat's foul ammonia smell,

it's not just the urine or droppings your feline friends make,

it's the uric acid in cat urine, which forms crystals that are difficult to

remove completely. These crystals can cause the cat ammonia smell to linger on clothes

and furniture for years if not cleaned properly, and that's not even the worst

part. The real danger is continuous inhalation of ammonia can lead to irreversible,

permanent damage to your lungs, they're microscopic,

they're invisibly small, human eye, uhm,

you think you can just clean the litter box and it'll get rid of

it, nope, you need to directly clean your home's air.

So basically, what are we doing here? Kind of like the unique mechanism of

the problem, and why just cleaning the litter box isn't going to work.

And they'll show you, oh, look, your cat's peeing here, your lungs turn black

and you die, you know? Let's be real,

we love our feline best friends, but we can't risk our family's health by

experimenting on exposing ourselves to the four foul ammonia cat odor at home.

The thing is, the power was within their hands to easily fix the issue

of things to a remarkable new solution, and it could be the key to

making sure our families breathe clean to our air forever.

Who would've thought a deodorizer would get hailed as a miracle solution for cat

odor-infested homes in 2025? 15,000 five-star reviews online for Clarify,

and let's see if that's true for trust power. Clarify on trust pilot.

So,

you know, it's not,

obviously, there's 356,

some of them look like they might be fake. Uhm,

but again, I'm not here to explicitly judge.

Alright, the blend,

Brandon Clarify on to the indoor air- quality market by storm,

upon its release, quickly garner attention across social media and news outlets alike.

Today the brand boasts an impressive track about,

I mean, all this is for like, I'm not trying to be a hater,

but all this is for like a good dropshipping, for sure it's a good

dropship to China device or something, right? Uhm,

here are some of the game-changing benefits offered by Clarify and Otorex to make

it an absolute no-brainer. So now basically,

it's gonna give you like some studies and sort of like the UMS,

which is the product, right? And it's gonna tell you what the product does,

uses ultraviolet light. Uhm, a nice

odor. It's gonna give you proxy features

and benefits. Your family's gonna thank you,

look at this happy people using it. Uhm,

kind of references to sending to you a lady. I got this from my

friend Samantha. I was so happy I got six,

right? So we're still kind of increasing the AOV. You guys showed us one

at the hospital. Of course,

I think, honestly, Samantha was the same lady or not in there,

but some more story. Massive hit in the pet world.

The best result, Kirkman Museum.

More than just one of our ex-device in each room. Check

availability. Cap parents love it.

We've evaluated many things. They have an unbeatable price.

They have a guarantee. You know,

unbeatable discounts. Reviewed by a nurse,

allegedly. Oh man,

look at this. Supplies are low. Reviews.

Sell a risk is high. Free delivery.

Check availability, right? So, this page is,

You know, still doing some other stuff the other one is doing,

but it's a bit more direct because of the video app.

But, same idea here.

Basically, amplifies the pain points.

Maybe this is the product, tons of social proof about the product.

It works. Go,

get it. Right?

But, it still covers. It's still the same solutions,

right? I mean, basically, are the same,

the same benefits happen here, right? So, like,

editorial link number two.

And again, this might get removed. Maybe they see this and they're like,

f*** this guy. For saying mean stuff about us.

I'm not saying mean stuff, but just point out, yeah, the truth.

But I'm not judging like I said. It's, it's what it is,

right? Like, how does this random device do well?

I mean, it does do pretty well. Well, it's because of this stuff, right?

Umm,

so it's like, I'll say the screenshots. Give

me

a minute for that to happen. Alright.

Have a tutorial. Okay?

But it's basically doing the same thing, right? Your CPA is going to be

lower, your AOVs will be higher. The reason for this format,

reminder, the reason for this format,

is because it,

uhh, uhh, umm, there are video ads in front of

it, typically one to two minutes long,

that are already revealing the product,

talking about the problem,

and talking about the, yo.

Now, how to fix is it. Also,

including social proof, right? So,

because it's doing all that, you don't need,

the same advertorial where it's like, oh, grandma's story,

because there, like, there's more awareness just from watching the video,

so hence why there's a different lander, okay? Now,

I had, I'll show you,

I'm not gonna go through all the copy on these, but I'll show you

guys, a few other examples.

So there's, like, comfort, ortho-wear. They sell,

like, comfortable shoes. Well,

what do you see here? I'm gonna show you that. I should show you

guys, library, actually. I'll hold second, so I'll see you that.

I

think it comes from here. Wait,

I'll check. I was aiming to swipe that.

No, sorry, this is different. I'm very small. I

guess this sees you guys. There's another page on how you can find us.

I'll define the as library later. But basically they have like little video ads.

So it comes here.

So here's, okay look, I'll start on my start. This is a very traditional.

Shopify style product page,

okay? Just like the name of the product.

Product details and features. Okay,

some little benefits compared to other things.

Here's like the feature, you know, here's more of the features,

like sort of like the technical aspects of it. Here's FAQs,

save, here's a bunch of social proof.

Alright, so it's like cool. Very traditional

e-commerce product page. Great!

The dirty secret is, unless you're like a really big brand,

tons of social media influencers,

and people know who you are. These pages don't convert.

This is what a lot of people with money even, who come in and

start e-count companies, like fail to realize.

Early on, it's like the dirty secret is like, nobody makes good sales through

these things, right? Shout out if I doesn't, isn't a gajillion dollar company,

because of these pages. Shout out if I's a gajillion dollar company,

because of pages like this, that go in front of it.

So this is almost like, it's like an advertorial,

but it's really like another product page. I mean, how American women over twenty,

or over fifty two are transforming their foot health naturally.

No costume orthotics, no paintkillers,

no surgery, just results. Agree, you know, it's basically it.

Nah. Basically, it is an advertorial, right? Two minutes,

you know, it's the advertorial up here, they should, for compliance.

Umm.

It's kind of like, hey, here's the problem, right? Like, for millions of Americans,

foot pains, a part of aging, traditional shoes don't work,

that's why we created this shoe. I guess it's not an advertorial,

because they're like, staying from the brand. Umm.

Why traditional footwear fails, what comfortwear- everywhere.

Offers of our solution. That's what everyone's using,

social proof. Why is this for you?

Just a- Dr. Jessica Rappapat, I guess this is a spokesperson.

So confident. Here are three reasons what it does,

get it here. What do customers say? Social proof,

limited time sale. Click the button,

guarantee, comfort, FAQ. So very basic.

Why? I gotta go find that actual. Adds for you in one second.

Alright, here's that. I mean, I feel like I saw something from recently.

I don't know if they're still wearing it or not. But, to look at

the video ad.

So basically you've got like a two minute video. Like it's talking about what

it does, the features, the benefits. Right?

All that kind of stuff. Social proof.

So, that's why- They

can then run to a page like this. Not super long.

And then from there, it goes to a really basic Shopify product page,

right? That's like the,

the journey, so to speak. Look at one more meta,

real quick. And then I'll do a separate video for native,

because I think otherwise, you know,

this gets too long and covers them. So I had like a,

uh, earth breeze up, okay? Earth breeze,

basically natural laundry cleaning,

things, right? Has like this,

very short. So that's very aware.

Let's try and get people to sign up. Okay,

we're

gonna

go ahead and ablate this.

There's a bunch here, but.

No dishwasher at, laundry detergent.

Okay,

so for that ad. Shop now.

This one is actually going to a proc page.

Cool. But it kind of sells you in the video.

Let's see, this one. Is

going to list more of like an advertorial, right?

Senior summer sales special. Up to 52% off for seniors and for

free gifts. Do your value senior.

What comes to your health and well-being? Avoid harsh chemicals from everyday products.

Avoiding them can make all the difference. You have to talk about cancer causing

chemicals. Things in your bloodstream. It's where you create a special dist- for this.

It's not for you. You understand my seniors have a fixed income.

Why seniors love our laundry sheets. Have arthritis.

So this is sort of like a, Again,

is it a classic advertorial? No. But it's sort of like an interstitial page,

which makes sense. As soon as you go from a go,

you have some free gifts, whatever it is. I still need to be sold-

all night. More on this. Right.

Then just, I don't really know enough about what you guys

are, what you do. Do that.

Click the button. Now I go to like the actual classic econ

product page. Lots of social proof,

but really, Just a little carousel,

whatever you call it, like a s- You know. Benefits.

Selection package. Free gifts.

Sneaky continuity.

But you can also just buy once with no savings.

Uhm,

so it's fine, but again, is this enough to get somebody to spend,

you know, money on these laundry s- eats.

Especially on, potentially a subscription, right?

And it's like, maybe not. Maybe it's okay,

but maybe your metrics are gonna be better. If,

before that, you go to the special senior discount page.

Oh, I'm gonna discount because I'm old.

Uhm, right? Any of that library.

So, these are what you'll see in meta a lot.

There's one more type. Ugh, I mean, I feel like I should just end.

People don't run as- As much, but they kind of should.

Give me a second. I bet I can cover on the native one too.

Really what it is, it's like it's like a top five.

Like, hey, we compared the five top of whatever the category is,

number one's gonna surprise you. It's pretty short,

but we'll see similar styles in native usually,

so we'll cover those in there. Uhm.

And you can, of course, explore and do- Your own research and things of

that. I hate saying things of that nature,

saying so much during our advocacy too, but things of that nature.

Uhm, so yeah. So okay, this is the meta part of it,

and then we'll do native next.