Okay,

so, what do we do now?

We've gotten two VSLs written under the course of about two hours

of me talking and recording. If I was doing this myself,

keep in mind, how long would this have actually taken me?

Maybe, you know, like 20,

30 minutes, like, something like that to have two VSLs.

I could have run ChatGPT and actual Gemini and had

four versions of it. I could have done,

like, one version of ChatGPT and Poe.

It's, like, almost a commodity.

Copy is kind of a commodity. Good copy is not.

It's still hard. It takes thinking,

processes, all these other things, right? But,

yeah. It's just interesting, right?

So, uhm,

what would I do with this now? What I would do is

I'm going to take this whole sales letter.

I'm going to copy and paste it into here.

I wonder how long it actually is.

5,707,

which is good. I'm curious.

Because Claude said approximately 8,500 words in 27 minutes.

It's actually good that it's not that many words, right?

What I want to see is how long is this VSL actually most likely.

So I'm going to go to script timer.

It's kind of good that Claude was wrong here. I like this Edge Studio

one. I'm going to paste my script in.

I want to see what this says, how long it thinks it'll be.

This says it'll be about 31 minutes long.

Okay. Not the end of the road.

Now if I add in some leads in front of this, whatever it is,

it might end up being a bit longer than that.

But there's some sub-headers and other notes that aren't there.

Either way, I've got this.

Cool.

I'm going to take it, move it over here.

Then,

I'm going to go back to Poe.

What

is my objective here?

My objective here is

to add in and edit the parts I like

from the other version of it, right?

If you're a woman over 35 who's been shocked by the sudden appearance of

crow's feet, under-eye wrinkles, or dark circles that make you look exhausted even when

you're well-rested, you've tried expensive eye creams,

department store miracles, even professional treatments,

but nothing seemed to work, then what I'm about to reveal will be the

most important breakthrough you'll ever discover for transforming your eye area and getting back

to youthful appearance. My name is Laura,

and I'll share a saying that's going to change everything you think you know

about why eye creams have failed you. Congrats to this one.

So,

I

think, let me introduce Laura.

Laura, again, down here, and I like that version

more, so what I'm probably going to do is take

this and replace it with this,

uhm,

watch this short presentation, it's going to be worth your while, okay?

I like that more. It feels more earnest and authentic,

that's why I'm changing it, okay? Now remember what I said about,

you know that devastating moment? When you look in the mirror, you see crow's

feet, I know how it is, I lived it, you're probably living it right

now, too.

You may remember how I like, I like this version more,

I'm talking about that devastating moment, this happens to so many of us,

right? We know this part is going

to get to that future pacing, so I'm going to go ahead and do

this, this. Okay, which future pacing would

you like more?

Let's see. Pretty sure we're going

to wake up tomorrow morning looking in the mirror to see both bright rested

eyes that actually match how vibrant you feel inside. Imagine waking up and looking

at the mirror and seeing eyes that are bright, rested, and alert, a true

reflection of how you feel inside. Imagine feeling so confident that you can go

out with little to no makeup on. Imagine getting compliments from friends and family,

not asking if you're tired, but telling you how refreshed and youthful you look.

So, let's take a break.

Picture yourself

again when you look at photos, instead of cringing and wondering when you started

looking so old. You

know, it depends on the direct response angle. I think both of these work

fine.

This is questionable. This is too harsh. I'm gonna keep it for now.

What I'm about to share with you is a heartbreaking story of how a

busy Florida mom, me, discovered the real reason why every single eye cream and

filter, and how a chance meeting with a leading anti-aging physician revealed the shocking

scientific truth. I

do like this here. This transformation is as possible as

any dupe expensive creams you've been using.

I'm gonna outline it. Because it's kind of like a sliver of

hope, right? Boy,

they're probably feeling you, too. Okay.

I'm about to share the harping story. I feel like this just feels a

little bit faker. So I'm gonna go with this.

to share the heartbreaking story of how I, a busy mom with two right

here in Florida, discovered the real reason why every single eye cream would fail

me and why they're probably feeling you, too. And how

a chance encounter meeting with a lean anti-age physician revealed the shocking scientific truth

that the cosmetic industry doesn't want you to know.

Let's cover something else. Having a sort of level,

having been told about collagen loss as missing the most critical piece of the

puzzle, I decide.

It's basically the same copy verbatim.

I'm gonna reveal why this,

the hidden breakdown. I'll

just share it with you. This breakdown works specifically for women over 35 who

are tired of wasting money on products promised to build but deliver nothing but

disappointment.

You know, I might take this

because we know that, from our unified researching,

that they like science-backed solutions.

So

why did I do that change? Because we know they like science-backed solutions.

I

was the biggest skeptic too. Okay, when Carole,

a 15-year-old from Texas, uh,

tells me that, This breakthrough is

the holy grail. And she shows me her

eyes can be happier. She shows forward to,

See,

using

this breakthrough every night,

and it was a false hope. Ah,

and

this wasn't just another false hope.

A Now,

I did say watch every word before, but that's okay.

This is dramatic. Is it really needed?

We'll change everything. Probably not. So let's leave it for now,

okay? My name is Lore,

and just like you, I'm a busy mom, trying to juggle everything life throws

at me. I live in Florida with my husband. I have kids, and for

most of my 30s, I thought I was aging pretty gracefully.

The story here,

I kinda like this one more, so But

then around my 37th birthday, something shifted, I,

It felt like it happened overnight. I thought this was good,

I, you know, was looking in the mirror.

I thought the dimensionalization here was better, that's why I'm picking this one.

So it's like, caught my reflection in the bathroom mirror,

stared, face looking back at me looking exhausted,

there were fine lines, right? I think this is better. It's a big,

inexpensive, frustrating journey, right?

Let's

see, I'm gonna put this part in first.

Face looking back at me looking exhausted, there were fine lines fanning out from

my eyes that weren't just smile lines anymore,

they were deep, they were, they were deep set crow's feet,

and under my eyes, just kind of thin, almost translucent,

with purplish dark circles that may look permanently worn out,

but wasn't just lines. Just kind of,

under my eyes looked different, loose, crepey, like I lost some essential quality that

made it look youthful, right,

I like that. So I'm gonna keep that one there. I

kind of like this stuff, like the salesmen were so convincing.

Uhm, I like the specificity here,

Botox.

Oxbratnoids. Yo,

I spent my $3,000. Just watching myself disappear.

You

know, if I think about switching online forums, like,

fine. But, like, I might do, You

know.

It's probably fine. I'm assuming I'm doing YouTube videos or reels,

but it's probably fine. I'd

probably do his first name here, Dr. Blaine Schilling.

If I can give you real answers,

it's him. I'm gonna try it once I made the call.

Okay? So

I overall liked the way Joe and I did this whole section.

meant. I'm I might.

Let's see.

Now, I could do it the VO thing, but I would rather do it

this way.

I mean, this is tough, because I gotta really think about it here. Like,

the way he

explained

it, I'm gonna

keep this

here,

this is interesting.

Realistically, I'm gonna do it, all

the way up from here, right?

the formatting for now. I don't need their suggestions.

It's fine that they have them. What

I like about here is, like,

okay, when it collapses,

it creates this reaction. It's because the network creates wrinkles.

We

probably don't need it.

This is probably more succinct. We probably don't need the Clawed one here,

actually.

So we know we're going to go to UMS, so I'm going to delete

it here. I'm going to probably just go with Gemini.

On this

part. What

I'm

thinking

about

here,

is like, understand why all this stuff,

bronchology and, I don't know,

what I kind of want to keep, is like, I'm

going Because,

if, problem, collagen architecture breakdown,

the solution isn't to add more collagen to broken fabric, the solution is to

restore the organized structure of the weave itself. Okay,

so let me go here. And

yet, a simple, uhm. I

felt thrilled to finally understand why the

skin around my eyes seemed to be aging so

much faster than the rest of my face.

I

also

worried that maybe this problem worried because what Dr.

Shelly said was I described sounded like something

that would be impossible to fix.

He developed, uh,

that's fine, we'll keep that for now. Okay,

he called it this, so let's go with

most of this. I actually like most of this

here, okay,

so if

I come to this part Command

the skin to reorganize and rebuild the architecture, it's already lost,

take those single messy threads and move them back to that tight,

useful structure. He broke it down for me in three logical

steps. Step

one,

time-convected.

Structural renewal, single thread here.

Let's see what I have here, I actually

like this more. My

bad. I thought I liked the Gemini version more of this,

but I actually like this version more. I'm

not gonna over-worry about the quotes here, because we'll clean it up later,

so let's see. I think

I start up here for the good mess.

Okay, so. Alright,

so,

big

brands

which

invest

in their

own,

here give me the map. I

don't mind this. That conversation changed my life. I walked out of him knowing,

...what to look for.

I'm on a mission, I researched every eye cream. Guess what,

I found nothing. Proctor, proct, ,cleaned up his collagen,

addressed architectural breakdown. This

is where

I'm gonna

go to Claude.

I'm gonna say,

Right,

one thing

that was missing

from the brief, I think,

was the amino acid ingredients.

Ingredient research 2.

Okay, yeah, so I uploaded that again. Uhm, uhm. When we

get to, I'm

thinking

these to be referenced in

this section as part of the 3-step

solution.

Let's see. There

we go. So that's better, right? Great.

Thanks. And then we'll want to mention them again in the ingredient

section of the quotes.

So

if

we go back to step, step three.

What

I'm wondering

now is,

I feel like I have to go back to the actual UMP, so hold

on a second. Okay,

what I'm thinking about here, Thanks,

so here's, Fill it up,

section, again. One

thing that's not clear is,

Which of these are related to step

3. After all, we said it's a 3-step system.

How can we make this work?

So, add in,

Other ingredients of the formula,

if you need to.

That's optional.

So, like, again,

what am I doing here? Well, it looks pretty good,

but we sort of had, like, a 3-step system,

and we sort of talked about step 1. Step 2...

Okay,

so this,

following step 2...

Okay, So basically, it did step 3.

Finally, we needed step 3, the integrity blocking system.

Okay, so now, It's longer.

But it's good. Finally, we're in green, so it's only the beginning.

All these setbacks. Finally, we got a breakthrough.

Okay, this part here, Formatting team called me.

That's not bad. I wonder about the breakthrough part here.

I

think it's fine for now. As that stands, I'm gonna get into the close.

Now, you've been through closes.

I'm gonna copy and paste it. But I think,

you know, ultimately, it should be

pretty good. Pretty good here. Sorry,

guys. 118.

Price justification reveal. The rest of it,

I think, is pretty good. Honestly. I mean, I'm not worried about the close

so much, okay?

I think it's a solid structure. What if I wanted to test a different

lead? Well, you might remember the ADHD

hook things we talked about before, right? So what I'm gonna do now.

Did I say this in a certain place yet? I did not.

Uhm,

move this to here. I am going to download this as a PDF.

Just give

me another minute here. Actually, I'll do the leads as a separate video.

So we can just go, okay? Okay, so once you, I mean, if we

pause back, on what we've kind of done here.

You know, all we're doing here is we sort of took the VSL Claw

did, which was pretty good. And then we looked

at Gemini to compare it, added in parts we liked from Gemini.

We had a critical eye to think through, hey,

wait a minute. There's only two steps here.

What about the third step? Hey, we left out these ingredients.

Oh, by the way, yeah, that's the other thing I actually have to do

on this real quick. It

was in Clawed, so first stairs, Diapalm,

let's try that. Okay,

now it Alright,

yeah, so let's go look at some leads here in the fourth and final

video.