Copy Accelerator: Hello, yeah, you can let them in my pleasure. Thanks.

Copy Accelerator: Hello, Rebecca.

Copy Accelerator: Hey?

Copy Accelerator: I don't know why assigned me as coffee accelerator, I mean no.

Copy Accelerator: I guess you're just already logged in, or something. I don't know.

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, it happens with my meetings with Mary all the time. I'm like, it's like your coffee accelerator play. I'm like, Oh, I can't seem to figure it out.

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, it's okay. It happens to me, too, or I'll forget after this call, and I'll go on to like a call for like, get thin or something like that. And then I'm like,

Copy Accelerator: you know, kind of a I don't know whatever. All good good to see you, though, Rebecca. And

Copy Accelerator: Hello, everybody who's hopping on. Glad to see

Copy Accelerator: those of you who have jumped on already

Copy Accelerator: as usual. I'll give like another minute or 2 before we start.

Copy Accelerator: Rebecca, are you an admin? Can you just add people when they pop in? But you just

Copy Accelerator: I make my life easier, because usually I'm doing whack-a-mole, cool, cool, alright so.

Copy Accelerator: Or again, I'm sure more people hop on. But today we are gonna talk about

Copy Accelerator: hidden factors in that, I guess. Would you say that can influence or dictate.

Copy Accelerator: The type of sales funnel you create

Copy Accelerator: and how you optimize it and

Copy Accelerator: think this is pretty cool.

Copy Accelerator: I'll show you. I'll be sharing my screen in a second kind of got away from

Copy Accelerator: me and a little bit in the context of like, I started with a few hidden factors. And then I asked, Chat Gpt, which does sort of know my world like, because, you know now chat gpt memorizes stuff for other hidden factors. And again, like this whole list of hidden factors and like examples, and like a framework that can dictate your funnel structure. And it was actually all really solid. So I started like editing that. And I started

Copy Accelerator: trying to find examples for like 15 factors. And I'm like, I'm gonna fucking overload everybody to death if I try to go too deep. So

Copy Accelerator: But I went through everything I got. I'm not just sort of like. Here's what Chat Gpt told me like it's like I, you know, obviously went through, and kind of we'll talk about it, but I think it would be interesting.

Copy Accelerator: to say the least, so let me go ahead and and share here.

Copy Accelerator: and I'll show you guys like

Copy Accelerator: the AI. I'll show you like what I'm talking about with that

Copy Accelerator: was like, Hey, I'm doing this training for my Ca, pro members. Ca, pro members on him. Factors that determine the best file structure to use.

Copy Accelerator: you know, hidden factors. I've listed market awareness levels, demonstratable proof pricing.

Copy Accelerator: Give us a full list like, you have this like, actually really good list. Then I was like, Okay, cool. We're gonna go through this list step by step. But I was like, Wait, what about you know

Copy Accelerator: those the my original 3. And it's like, Oh, yeah, cool. So it gave me those as well.

Copy Accelerator: And then it created this sort of exploring rubric, and we'll talk about that. But I did make some edits and changes, and I'll share this document after the call here.

Copy Accelerator: So we'll start by kind of going through what these factors are

Copy Accelerator: and then we'll do our best to look at examples. And by, I've had Gemini doing case studies, and it's gone through 362 websites. That's 1 thing I do want to share is like a deep research I used

Copy Accelerator: or is it perplexity to sort of look for case studies after I had this, and like examples of funnels.

Copy Accelerator: it went a lot of like Linkedin and things like that. So it's all interesting. I'll share all this research with you guys. But it's a lot of like, go content. You go read to see people's case studies on things. But it is interesting. Chat to be kind of did the same thing. And I'm curious to see what Google does.

Copy Accelerator: But there's still some interesting stuff here as well. So

Copy Accelerator: let's sort of start by going through like a broad overview

Copy Accelerator: where this all stems from is.

Copy Accelerator: I think, a lot of times there can still be confusion about what sort of funnel you need, right? And it kind of depends on

Copy Accelerator: what you're selling and what

Copy Accelerator: the state of the market and all these other things. That's what these factors are. So a lot of you have seen, you know my telemedicine company like. Get thin. I'll go to it right now.

Copy Accelerator: We just made some compliance edits. But this is our homepage. We do run to some Landers

Copy Accelerator: go through met on Google that are pretty comparable to this. There's a few other things.

Copy Accelerator: What's cool. By the way, this is actually based on our own patient data. So we actually got a bunch of patient data back. And we can make a bunch of claims. So on average.

Copy Accelerator: like 600 and something patients, the average person across all ages lost 9.6 pounds in their 1st 30 days. So it's pretty cool to have like your own data saying it really works.

Copy Accelerator: But I bring this up, because

Copy Accelerator: when you look at something like a glp, one medication and this is gonna tie into like

Copy Accelerator: awareness, right? There's Eugene Schwartz's stages of awareness.

Copy Accelerator: and there's sort of most aware or product aware where they basically know either your brand exists and you sell a product. And you know, they're they're like interested in it. That's most aware product aware, right? Like, okay, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, I know that glp, one injections exist. I want them. I just, you know, haven't done it yet

Copy Accelerator: down to like sort of solution. Aware, like, I know that

Copy Accelerator: glp one. The difference between, let's say, product aware and solutionware for glp one S, for example, right product aware, is like, I know that there's people online telemedicine companies offering me access to glp-one medications where solution aware is like, well, I know glp-one medications exist. I don't necessarily know about telemedicine companies problem aware

Copy Accelerator: I'm tired of overweight, but I haven't lifted to a glp. One unaware is like

Copy Accelerator: I. You know, I won't really typically bother if unaware people. We can talk about all these things in more detail. But unaware is, you know, like I don't even really realize I have a problem. So I guess unaware is like,

Copy Accelerator: your friend is an alcoholic before you have an intervention with them. You know what I mean like that's like the they don't even know they have a bomb.

Copy Accelerator: Other people know, but they don't know they're they're pretty hard to sell to right. So if I think about get thin, which is your telemedicine company that we're, you know.

Copy Accelerator: trying pretty hard to sell for over a hundred 1 million dollars by the end of the year.

Copy Accelerator: we'll see, but we're making good progress on it. So fingers crossed.

Copy Accelerator: really, like our ads are like

Copy Accelerator: little stack, as I'll find an ad example to show you guys and it goes like a lander like this

Copy Accelerator: with just sort of like a headline, basic stuff.

Copy Accelerator: The copy is very minimal. We have some social proof in here medications of the super ugly, awful like thing we have to put now because of, like the constant regulatory environment changing environment.

Copy Accelerator: How they work. Backed by data, this looks terrible. We just signed this guy. So I've known for 10 years. He's a former

Copy Accelerator: White House position to Bill Clinton Al Gore and their families, and he was in the Navy for 20 plus years. He's on the Board of the American Academy of Nutrition, so to get him on on Mobile. By the way, it looks like way less stupid, fortunately, because then this is sort of

Copy Accelerator: you know. It doesn't look so bad mobile, which is where most of our traffic comes from.

Copy Accelerator: well, Summary, and that and it goes into the medical questionnaire. People can be pre-approved.

Copy Accelerator: And then, after doctor reviews to get their medication, many of you have seen me talk about get thin, but for those who haven't

Copy Accelerator: like cool, right? So that's basically the whole lander. And you know, we did. Obviously like 20 million last year.

Copy Accelerator: we'll probably end up doing someone 40, 50 million this year we were on track to easily do over a hundred 1 million. But we're actually

Copy Accelerator: slow down, because that's what investment bankers have told us to do. They're basically like.

Copy Accelerator: focus us on growth and more on Ebitda. So like, okay.

Copy Accelerator: ebit is basically your, you know your profit after everything's said and done, because you get a multiple on Ebitda when you sell, can always talk about that more on a future call. It's fun for me to learn all this stuff. But

Copy Accelerator: really pretty basic asset, right? No advertorial no. Vsl.

Copy Accelerator: just static. Add to this page to a questionnaire or variant of this page. Again, we do have some variants with a little more like save a special sale like blah blah things like that save $150. And the reason why it comes back to awareness, right?

Copy Accelerator: That's what I realized really fast. The thing I get thin was that

Copy Accelerator: even like a year and a half or 2 years ago, I guess something like a year and a half ago people were really aware. They knew that glp. One medications existed.

Copy Accelerator: They were just like, where do I find them?

Copy Accelerator: You know. What's the price? Can I trust the person I'm gaining from that? Was it right. And so

Copy Accelerator: that was like all we had to do right?

Copy Accelerator: And so this is an initial factor, right? It's important, because if your market is hyper aware

Copy Accelerator: of a solution.

Copy Accelerator: And it's like a solution you offer. And they sort of you could put belief into this to have talked about before. And they believe that the solution works.

Copy Accelerator: Then there's just no reason to have like long form copy right. Do you need a long ass? Vsl, do you need all that stuff? Probably not right.

Copy Accelerator: And one thing you see, as we go through these is, there's like a rating system. I actually inverted what they're back to like. Why, I'm not showing you what Chat Gpt did. They had it sort of in a weird way that reverted. But basically I inverted it. Basically

Copy Accelerator: appreciate these factors. When I give you this, you can kind of rate yourself from one to 5, and what you'll see at the end to jump way ahead

Copy Accelerator: is you can use that as a general guideline. For how like fat, your phone needs to be right. So, for example, get thin.

Copy Accelerator: you know, assuming that rates above 46, we go through these factors.

Copy Accelerator: you know, add product, page cart. So well, yeah, that's what we're doing. Works pretty well

Copy Accelerator: right mid level when you go through these factors, add to like a quiz or advertorial

Copy Accelerator: I don't think you have to have a Vsl. You know I'm I may edit this here again. So

Copy Accelerator: this whole thing has got more elaborate in the final hour, as I was preparing for this call, but I liked it. So I went with it. Let's say, for long form.

Copy Accelerator: right and heavy is like, as you'll see add

Copy Accelerator: potentially a story. Pre-sell 35 min, 45 min. Vsl, Lander.

Copy Accelerator: Check out possible ascension email. So I'm gonna make a little edits to this.

Copy Accelerator: basically, like, the idea here is like the like, and it's gonna make sense already, intuitively like, think about in the world of like a clickbank via so. And I have examples we'll talk about for any all kinds of niches and things like that. Right?

Copy Accelerator: you could argue for financial Esls, too, even stuff like that. It's like, if you're

Copy Accelerator: selling like a, you know, a weight loss supplement like when like the the clickbank world. And there's a billion other weight loss supplements and people are sort of jaded, and like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, they they like don't. The price point is perceived as high compared to buying something on Amazon and all these other factors. We'll talk about

Copy Accelerator: it kind of makes sense. Why, people

Copy Accelerator: need to have like a way longer funnel, right? Whereas if you're selling my case, everybody knows about cool right? If you're selling an investment opportunity, but sort of saying nobody's heard of, and a spokespeople who maybe have a bit of credibility. Blah blah! You could see why this might need to happen. Okay, so

Copy Accelerator: going back to factors, it won't let me highlight this one in yellow. These are all supposed to be yellow. I don't know why I try.

Copy Accelerator: Oh, you know what? Maybe this there we go. Okay.

Copy Accelerator: alright. So that's the one factor. Right? So if you go to like, get them. For example, you probably rate that one as like a 5. Okay? And remember, the higher the rating, the less copy you need to have.

Copy Accelerator: What about demonstratable proof? Right? The visual, wow,

Copy Accelerator: so we have here is like, this is a good. I've talked about this before, right and like it was in my list before I talked to Chat Gpt. But like, if you have a product where you can just easily prove

Copy Accelerator: that it works like it really demonstrate that it works very quickly. Then you just don't need super long copy assets. And this is true of like, whether you're selling

Copy Accelerator: in a really pure Econ version, or you still want to do more direct response. Oriented stuff. Like.

Copy Accelerator: you just don't need a bunch of copy. If, like.

Copy Accelerator: you can just show really fast that it works right? So

Copy Accelerator: like examples of what? Like, what would this look like? Right? Like a teeth whitening device potentially where you could show a video of like person using it. And then, like, you know, time lapse like 1 h later, or oxyclean would be a classic example, right? Most of you probably know what oxy clean is like. A cleaner spray it on the famous infomercials right? Which Ron Lynch, who's kind of peripheral to our space, helped with some of them. Billy May sold it famous pitch, Guy, like spray it?

Copy Accelerator: Oh, my God! Look at this sustains gone. You know what I mean like something like that. You don't need a bunch of test will prove an instant. Wrinkle remover would be similar to that right?

Copy Accelerator: so these are kind of great products, because if you have immediate, demonstrable proof that something works very quickly and is an instant visual payoff.

Copy Accelerator: then West, long copy.

Copy Accelerator: What's really interesting here is that example. A second is that

Copy Accelerator: there is sort of a way to circumvent this.

Copy Accelerator: because the question becomes, okay. What if I sell like a supplement? Right? Okay, I sell like a supplement. So I need longer copy animations. Blah blah like, that's true. But what you'll find is people who sell like a supplement, or someone who sells like giving yourself neuro. It says like a foot massager like a gadget. People who have those really good little animations in their videos that show you exactly how it's working and why it's working. That does sort of

Copy Accelerator: serve a similar purpose, which is why you will see a lot of

Copy Accelerator: people who are running like in feed type of ads on Meta, or wherever else it'd be kind of Mini Vsls.

Copy Accelerator: One to

Copy Accelerator: 8 min long, maybe 10 min long, right like, why are they able to get away with kind of like shorter copy? And it's usually because they have really good animation videos in there that like show, like the product working and show. Oh, look at this! You know the enzymes going into your gut, and now it gets into here, or my wife saw something for a baby bottle that was like showing why

Copy Accelerator: the suction of a baby with this bottle really replicates like a nipple for breastfeeding moms, whereas another other baby bottles don't. And she watched the animation, she's like I get it right. So, even though just showing a baby sucking out a bottle is like demonstrable proof. But how do I know it's working? That animation sort of carries it over the edge.

Copy Accelerator: so this would be the second thing that you would you look at. I mean, I had this like purple mattress example, just because one of the AI things gave it to me. But it's not bad. It's way more branded than what a lot of folks in here do, but it's not not a bad video. At 86 million views. Let me share audio. Watch it. It's fast.

Copy Accelerator: It's sort of like that funny like Harmon Brothers back in the day type of style. But let me see, sharing pure sound.

Copy Accelerator: Pull it up real quick, for grid made from us.

Copy Accelerator: I'm here to prove so. This is really to look at demonstratable proof, and you'll see why, in a second right, the purple mattress blows memory foam out of the bedroom.

Copy Accelerator: Only purple passes the durability test, body heat test and the all new hed test or human egg drop test for the layman. The best test to determine a mattress's comfort and support. Ready, Billy. No, I just accepted perfect.

Copy Accelerator: Just look at how the purple smart comfort grid made from a super comfy, yet ultra supportive material called hyperelastic polymer cradled those unfertilized chickies. And yeah, they're pretty real.

Copy Accelerator: Now. How about that memory foam?

Copy Accelerator: Pick her up?

Copy Accelerator: Oh.

Copy Accelerator: ready, Billy! Great

Copy Accelerator: see. Unlike memory, foam. Purple's unique design cradles your pressure points and redistributes support to the rest of your body, leaving your spine properly aligned. So no more back pain, no matter your body type, sleeping position, or frequency of nightmare.

Copy Accelerator: Oh, gee! Especially the ones starring your boss.

Copy Accelerator: So what is, anyway? I watched the whole ad, like again, kind of branded funny, whatever right? I get. Most of us aren't doing production value of that level. But it is actually a really good example of like demonstratable proof like

Copy Accelerator: for a mattress, too, which is kind of cool right like literally drop this dude bunch of eggs vulcer to his back. Eggs don't break.

Copy Accelerator: That's why our mattress is different.

Copy Accelerator: Meanwhile, normal mattress. Drop it. Eggs break those mattresses, suck ours is better like that's like, how do you sell like a, you know, multi $1,000 mattress?

Copy Accelerator: Without, you know, like long form through e-commerce, and actually blow it up like

Copy Accelerator: that's sort of a huge part of how right? And so that's what's interesting, too, because you think about pricing as being like

Copy Accelerator: that for longer price point or sorry higher price point. You need to have way, longer copy. And it's like, usually true.

Copy Accelerator: But if you can really have legit, demonstrable proof of your product superiority, then it's not necessarily true. Right?

Copy Accelerator: So actually, that's a pretty cool example.

Copy Accelerator: And so that brings us to the price point and perceived. Spend right? And this is like, I think, that should also be pretty intuitive. This is number 3. She's like lower ticket

Copy Accelerator: stuff needs less justification. Higher ticket stuff.

Copy Accelerator: you know, Gbt put amplifies risk. But basically, this needs more justification. Right? It kind of makes sense.

Copy Accelerator: I don't know if I like less than $50 equals Microlander or 2 sub opt in. I think that's silly, but I would say

Copy Accelerator: less than $9.

Copy Accelerator: I would put like anything from like, I guess

Copy Accelerator: $10 right? And then, but basically, this is pretty accurate if you look at like, if you've ever gotten like a free plus shipping book or something like that. Often it's part of an ascension funnel, right? Or a free trial on, like a supplement, or whatever it is, you know, generally, or a webinar opt in. Right? We're right. You're selling the option to a webinar. You're not selling like whatever you guys on the webinar

Copy Accelerator: like, you don't need a lot of copy right? That should be pretty obvious, because you're like the the risk. And like the barriers, commitment is pretty pretty low like, hey? It's free. Get this Free Book bestselling book. Just enter your, you know. Just pay for shipping 4, 99, or whatever it is right, whereas once you start to get into something that

Copy Accelerator: is priced a bit higher, you know. Yeah, like, you know, Vsls can often work. This doesn't mean always, but these are like sort of like where you'll find

Copy Accelerator: more likely do longer. This is where this little thing I'm talking about. This rating thing will actually come in handy, because you might be like, Okay, well, yeah, I'm more than $10. So I need a Vsl, and it's like, well, maybe. But like rate, this one rate, each of the ones, and then you can use that to kind of figure out what makes the most sense. And there's a couple of things in the chat. So I'm gonna look real quick and see what those were.

Copy Accelerator: yeah, we'll upload things. So yeah, we'll we'll upload the the doc, the doc with the recording everything that you'll get access and circle for sure.

Copy Accelerator: Okay, this is another one that

Copy Accelerator: I well, people say it should be obvious, but I want to be insulting if it's not obvious, because I have a lot of experience here, and for some of you it is. Some of you might not be right. But let's take the traffic temperature.

Copy Accelerator: Right? Basically, simple thing we're saying here is that colder traffic. Typically

Copy Accelerator: you need more copy to convert them than really warm traffic right again. This shouldn't really make a lot of sense like if if you sell something to your email list. So you have a list, and it's pretty warm, and you have a good connection with them. Then, typically you don't need to send them to like

Copy Accelerator: a whole Vsl for some new offer. You know, you could send them to like a pretty short landing page product page, whatever it is right versus if you are going after like stone cold traffic.

Copy Accelerator: Typically, as a rule of thumb, you're gonna need more steps to convert them like again, you might need an advertorial. You might need.

Copy Accelerator: you know. Vsl, whatever it is right that should kind of make sense, too.

Copy Accelerator: So that was pretty self explanatory, I feel.

Copy Accelerator: And so it's number 5. I actually think this list is super valuable. I think it was really cool, so I was pretty excited and geeking out.

Copy Accelerator: and I do want to go through like all the examples. But I don't want to be 2. Add.

Copy Accelerator: I want to see what Gemini pulled up, so let me go through the whole list hopefully. If I just share examples like verbally, that's enough. I know people like visual examples, too. But

Copy Accelerator: hopefully, this is all making sense. And and you're picking up what I'm putting down overall and everything.

Copy Accelerator: Brand equity and credibility. Right is sort of like, if you allow brand equity, or

Copy Accelerator: it was like a celebrity founder or even endorser, typically need

Copy Accelerator: less copy. And a less long funnel. Typically so obviously on a really ultra

Copy Accelerator: ultra brand. Equity side is like Coca-cola right? Coca-cola doesn't need to sell you Coca-cola through like a Vsl.

Copy Accelerator: right? It's just like fucking Coca-cola like You're like you know Coca-cola is we know Coca-cola. Everyone knows what Coca-cola is right. Awareness is Peak like you want it. It's Coke.

Copy Accelerator: Buy it right. But you also will see this with celebrity, people.

Copy Accelerator: And so you might find, you know, back in the day, for example, a lot of like black hat

Copy Accelerator: free trial stuff would I put like, you know, Jennifer Aniston, or somebody other some of the celebrity on it. It'd be a landing page, for, like some, you know, free like free trial, like some miracle skincare or keto product, or whatever it is. And while that was Black hat, the idea, one of the reasons why it works so well is because there's like a known celebrity. They're claiming that the somebody endorses the product. So you don't need a whole Vsl to somebody endorsing the product. It's like Boop. There you go?

Copy Accelerator: yes, there are Vsls that have celebrities in them like. Obviously, if you look at what golden hippo does, for example, or arguably, you know what Agora does. We looked at that financial Vsl from a few weeks ago, and you had a

Copy Accelerator: the guy who's like A,

Copy Accelerator: you know, may not household name to the average person, but a household name to like a 50 plus conservative demo. So it doesn't mean you would never do a Vsl. But generally, the more

Copy Accelerator: a brand is known the less long copy you need. And, by the way.

Copy Accelerator: one other interesting observation, I would say, is that

Copy Accelerator: that is part of the advantage of building a brand like I'm again like

Copy Accelerator: different strokes for different folks like running

Copy Accelerator: kind of like, you know, aggressive vsls on clickbank like which some people want to do when you can make shit tons of money. We had, you know, one of our members did 60 million for q. 1 was the number one vendor on Clickbank. Great right works that works awesome right? But one of the advantages of doing

Copy Accelerator: actually building a brand is over time. The more your brand is recognized.

Copy Accelerator: the kind of the lazier you can be with your funnels. That's not really true, because you're still split testing all this shit. But like what I mean is like.

Copy Accelerator: you know.

Copy Accelerator: people talk about wanting to build a brand, and so early on when you have a brand like, yes, maybe long, long form copy makes sense. But if you can actually build a brand that's really well known and recognized.

Copy Accelerator: then you'll you might find that, like the Vsl stopping as as necessary right? And you just gain stuff from like

Copy Accelerator: Ugc. Social proof, like little ads mentioning your brand that go to product pages for new skews, like the more aware of your brand the market is, the less, and presumably favorably aware the less copy is required. Right?

Copy Accelerator: So it's got something interesting to think about, too.

Copy Accelerator: This one is like, okay, perceived risk and required risk reversal.

Copy Accelerator: And so essentially, I do think it was interesting the way this got framed, but like

Copy Accelerator: the less risk, the easier

Copy Accelerator: the less copies needed like in general again. So what does that mean? Like? Think about it like again. Free plus shipping book funnel, hey?

Copy Accelerator: Put, you know. Give me your

Copy Accelerator: put in your info. I'm gonna send you a free copy of my best selling book, you know. Just pay a shipping. Shipping is $5 right? No subscription, no rebuild. Blah blah $5 super transparent. Here's a bunch of social proof, right? People like it. It's real. We'll get the social proof in a bit later, like Bam.

Copy Accelerator: It's like, all right, like pretty easy.

Copy Accelerator: Not a lot of hurdles right? But

Copy Accelerator: you're going back to like a an unknown brand, especially

Copy Accelerator: if you don't have a lot of reviews, or in the world of of like a quick bank via. So whatever it is, where it's sort of like a

Copy Accelerator: saying somebody's ever heard of before, like.

Copy Accelerator: just from a awareness level the less where they are the more risky. You are right. And so, as a result of that.

Copy Accelerator: the more risky you are, the more time you need to kind of take often being like, Hey.

Copy Accelerator: we're not risky. You can trust us.

Copy Accelerator: and that comes down to social proof and other things of that nature. You know.

Copy Accelerator: it talks about sort of like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, like longer testimonials, ingredients for supplements. Guarantee. FAQ, it all makes a lot of sense, right?

Copy Accelerator: Low risk. You don't necessarily need a whole FAQ, for like a free plus shipping book, you know you should test it, but not as important.

Copy Accelerator: You know, there's like the one if it fails, because really, there's this intersection of like.

Copy Accelerator: what's it gonna cost? And what if it fails right? And if it's gonna cost a lot of money, and I feel like there's a prob high probability of it failing, my resistance to buying is very high, right? So we have to justify the expenditure. Obviously, I figure out the right pricing, and then we have to make them feel like the risk of failing is either you know the high probability of not failing, or that's very safe. Because if they do fail, they're gonna get taken care of guarantee blah blah, right? So that's that one.

Copy Accelerator: There's 15 total. I'm through Number 6. I'll pause for a minute before I keep going, because I know I'm sharing a lot. Does anyone have any questions or thoughts as we go here, I wanna make sure to answer those before I just fire hose through all 15.

Copy Accelerator: Feel free to unmute yourself if you do or put in the chat

Copy Accelerator: or not. Okay.

Copy Accelerator: is this, is it making sense? What I'm sharing? Is it interesting? It's hard when they just sharing off like a doc with just not a bunch of like visual examples. But like.

Copy Accelerator: you guys, are you picking up what I'm putting down, so to speak. Right?

Copy Accelerator: Okay, cool, Mark said. Keep cooking cool, alright sweet.

Copy Accelerator: Okay.

Copy Accelerator: So one more point. Just make sure it's good. Alright, cool.

Copy Accelerator: Alright. So number 7 is regulatory compliance load. Right? So essentially.

Copy Accelerator: this is honestly not. This is kind of niche. The point on this one is, if like, you're in like a really highly regulatory regulated space. Like, for example, we are with telemed you know, you're gonna have with more steps. So for example, telemedicine.

Copy Accelerator: you know. Yeah, there might be extra terms and services pages. But there's also like a whole el eligibility quiz right? You gotta go through this quiz. Make sure that you actually qualify.

Copy Accelerator: you know, whatever, if you're doing like a investment opportunity, you have to add in know your customer things stuff like that. Right? So basically, those those things are kind of mandatory often. But

Copy Accelerator: you know, that's gonna be like, if you have, don't have to have any of that stuff.

Copy Accelerator: You know you're a 5. If you have to ask about stuff, you know your lower score.

Copy Accelerator: Okay, that this one was kind of good. I liked it right. This sort of

Copy Accelerator: offer complexity or choice overload.

Copy Accelerator: which is a true thing. I mean, this is one of the biggest challenges. Often is like

Copy Accelerator: when people try to sell Dsc. And they try to are creating bundles like. Obviously, bundles are great, right because

Copy Accelerator: they increase their Aov make more money. It's awesome.

Copy Accelerator: but it can also create this sort of cognitive overload or

Copy Accelerator: decision paralysis, right? Because you're like, Oh, my gosh,

Copy Accelerator: There's so many options. So my choices, what do I do? And so if it's really simple, like, hey, like the simplest, would be like, Hey, buy one unit of this for this price, right, or get it for free or whatever it is right, like just one thing, one unit, one price

Copy Accelerator: that's like a 5 being least complex, right? Whereas if it's like

Copy Accelerator: hyper personalization, bunch different options, you should add in, you're trying to do that all on the front end that's probably like a 1 becomes really complex, like, what do you do for that sort of thing?

Copy Accelerator: I mean, 1 1 thing is obviously like,

Copy Accelerator: you know, using interactive quizzes, like people like ill Makiage have done that really? Well, Eric. Santiago, who's in our Whatsapp group, and he's a partner for us in Opal, you know. He was head of growth, real makiage, and helped him go from like 60 million to like couple of 100 million.

Copy Accelerator: because then you essentially, in those cases, right then, like based on goes through a quiz. You're making recommendations. You're taking it like it's hard to do a quiz right. People do quizzes, but they make them kind of half ass, but like and it's a whole, another training. We can do that in the future. I have Eric lead one on it, which I think would be great. But, like, you know, if you really are personalizing

Copy Accelerator: to what they you'll need. And then you're bundling things in based on that like. That's the way that you get around it.

Copy Accelerator: But like in general, if there's an overload and saying always think about when people try to bundle. Oh, a day and a night serum, or whatever it is right like, makes sense for skincare day and night, like it's like, but there's still more friction there than just selling one thing right? So you need more funnel assets. It doesn't mean you have a longer vsl, necessarily. But you might need a longer funnel, and you made it work something in like this. Okay.

Copy Accelerator: next to a number 9 would be like, the importance of the Ltv.

Copy Accelerator: The idea here is essentially like, how many steps? Right? Because if Ltv is like really important

Copy Accelerator: and you're like, business is built around it.

Copy Accelerator: then you know your funnel can be longer. So what does that mean? It means like, you could have

Copy Accelerator: really multiple steps and touch points. Right? You may have, like little mini classes like, you know, like little like webinar nurture. When I was honestly, I would put like

Copy Accelerator: you know, like nurture emails to like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: Sorry one second. Let me do this

Copy Accelerator: like somebody comes in, you know. It's almost like can be like almost like a lead Gen. In a similar in that respect. But somebody comes in and

Copy Accelerator: you basically need to like nurture them. Multiple emails, multiple touch points. Get them on a webinar. That's not even a sales webinar might be like one where you pitch them. You know free little classes, whatever it is. And you know you can afford to take more time and have more touch points to try to get them

Copy Accelerator: to buy, because once they buy that Ltv. Is going to be so good right, whereas with a low ticket for contrast, right? You're really just trying to like

Copy Accelerator: self liquidate

Copy Accelerator: right or invoicing could vary right? We're talking about like a free plus shipping like 9 99 like, it's just like self liquidate, real quick, right? One click upsells, whatever it is, you know. Supplement. It's like

Copy Accelerator: same kind of same thing, right? Like

Copy Accelerator: trying to get a row as on day one, or at least break even. Yeah, you're gonna try to monetize the data on the back end have one click up sales. But like this is sort of like, not you know, for things where you're not Ltv driven business

Copy Accelerator: all right.

Copy Accelerator: So we got a few more to go.

Copy Accelerator: This one is actually pretty easy, too.

Copy Accelerator: it should be kind of intuitive, which is like the urgency of a problem or urgency of a pain point. Right? So they put the example of a migraine today versus some kind of aspirational anti-aging later. And it's actually a good example that was used because well, especially on the anti-aging right? That's 1 of the hardest things with

Copy Accelerator: some products we will sell like, even like energy is like hard to sell for a supplement space. For example, right? Because it's like.

Copy Accelerator: if my pain point isn't that urgent?

Copy Accelerator: Like, I'm like, Oh, yeah, I wanna age. Well, but I'm like, but I'm you know, I got time. I'm not aging doesn't happen overnight. That's kind of challenging. Whereas if I'm getting like acute migraines all the time, I'm like, give me a fucking migraine solution that actually works. And then there's all the other factors like credibility, social proof, awareness, all this other things right? It plays together. But like

Copy Accelerator: that's a much easier sell. So if I'm like

Copy Accelerator: this will fix your migraines. Here's like the social proof I've created a brand, everyone knows fixes migraines like.

Copy Accelerator: I don't need as much copy right? There's some notes like headlines and stuff like that.

Copy Accelerator: versus the anti-aging thing. Yeah, you need a lot more

Copy Accelerator: kind of like, you know, probably a Vsl showing a transformational roadmap how things are gonna change. But frankly, honestly, even in that case, what you really need is like.

Copy Accelerator: I'm gonna put this here immediate pain point that

Copy Accelerator: is symptomatic of the long term one. If I'm being real, that's actually what you really need. Generally, right? So anti aging is like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, hey, you're gonna get old. What if you didn't get old as fast?

Copy Accelerator: It's okay, right? But meanwhile, for, like

Copy Accelerator: your knees hurt, I mean, like your joints are hurting like you know, after 45, like you found that you struggle to lose weight, or whatever like some kind of like more acute pain. Point, hey? That's part of getting older. This is gonna help, you know. You.

Copy Accelerator: you know, fight back as a time like not just, you know you. You'll have better mobility. Your joints aren't gonna hurt, but you're also gonna have more energy, more libido. You might right. You can kind of do the kitchen sink where you add all the other shit. That's gonna be great. But you still focus on one thing right? If you go to biz up, it's kind of the same thing like if you sell a course on like how to be a millionaire in 5 years from now.

Copy Accelerator: like in theory, that's actually a great proposition, because most people never become millionaires. So it's like, Wow, okay, 5 years from now I can be a millionaire. Great right? But

Copy Accelerator: that's not the pain point right now. The pain point right now is like

Copy Accelerator: you're broke and you're tired being broke, and you're in debt, and you're in a 9 to 5 grand that you hate, and you feel like

Copy Accelerator: you just don't have any path to actually get ahead. You throw a little bit of money at random, like sort of make money online things, but they always are just full of shit. They ask you to spend more money than you know. They say they're going to. People don't get results. They're hard to implement like whatever it is. Right? So it's like you go find

Copy Accelerator: like, be a millionaire in 5 years from now is is a shitty offer. And you guys do biz up. And you know that there's several people on this call if they're still here who do business up right? So that's the shitty value prop, but, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, kind of like, get out of the 9 to 5, have more freedom. Start making few grand a month, or whatever plus, you know, in your spare time. Even if you don't have any training background, technical knowledge, whatever it is right, becomes stronger.

Copy Accelerator: and with stronger biz OP.

Copy Accelerator: You wouldn't necessarily

Copy Accelerator: always need as long of a funnel. But again, that's good, depending on what if it's a book cool? You don't need a long funnel at all. Right, if you're selling a 3,000 $5,000 coaching program, you're gonna need a pretty involved funnel, right?

Copy Accelerator: Competitive saturation.

Copy Accelerator: This one is sort of a

Copy Accelerator: okay. So we're basically if you have like a blue ocean, if you're like, have a practice solving a pain point or problem, and nobody else is really talking about it.

Copy Accelerator: And you can demonstrate that it works or make it believable that works right the faster you can get somebody to believe like that solution works like

Copy Accelerator: the shorter. Your copy can be versus an ultra crowded market. So what would that be? Well, biz OP. Right if you do an Fba or whatever else it is like weight loss, supplements. You know, like financial investing stuff like the world of Agora, like anywhere. There's a lot of noise, I mean, AI, right like, make money for AI, whatever kind of stuff like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, there's but when it was a crowded market. You end up needing more copy

Copy Accelerator: for kind of what said here. I mean, it says, like, you know, comparison charts compared to tear down. We sell like also, just like, you know, just differentiation, right? Like

Copy Accelerator: by that unique mechanism.

Copy Accelerator: I don't add to this as a go, but you know, but like loads of social proof.

Copy Accelerator: you guys do connection with prospects. But add some of these things, too, right? Because you basically need to do that. And if you look at the one that was funny on Chat Gpt was doing examples, it has to do examples, and we can look at these after. The example.

Copy Accelerator: It pulled actually has a bunch of good ones, Stansbury. All these things

Copy Accelerator: it had. I think it was this one. Had Alpilene?

Copy Accelerator: What was it?

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, market sophistication and actually use Alpine, right from clickbank is like an example where they're basically like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, everyone is doing these weight loss, you know, supplements on clickbank. So

Copy Accelerator: how do you do that? I mean, I'll share this research with you all, so you can go through it. And it's like it's pretty cool. It's interesting. They have some good.

Copy Accelerator: some good things in here, and I'll do the one. I'll see a gemini finish.

Copy Accelerator: Dude. Jonah is blocked out right now

Copy Accelerator: 362 websites. I'm actually really excited. I hope it just gives me like actual links, and later it'd be so dope. But we'll find out

Copy Accelerator: it's crazy. It's taking so long.

Copy Accelerator: so yeah, that's sort of saturation. If same day shop ability to me, Adam, like they put it there. I don't really think that's like.

Copy Accelerator: like, even you guys put competitive saturation. I don't really know.

Copy Accelerator: The same day shopping. I'll keep it in here for now, but I honestly don't really know what

Copy Accelerator: like, what they're talking about there on that one.

Copy Accelerator: This one was interesting. It's not one I would have considered on my own.

Copy Accelerator: I mean it would have, maybe, but like, it's not like a really obvious one, I guess, which is buying context. So device and attention window.

Copy Accelerator: And it's sort of mentioned here, right? 8% of Tiktok traffic buys or bounces in 30 seconds on mobile.

Copy Accelerator: So like that does make sense as far as like, what's the the dominant platform

Copy Accelerator: where traffic's coming from? So it's different from warm or cold, because, like you get cold traffic from Tiktok, Meta, native Youtube, whatever else? Right? But here it's like, not just cold, but it's which platform is platform specific, right? And kind of knowing how people act on those different platforms. So going back to tick, tock.

Copy Accelerator: and then even the device right? How do people on mobile apps versus people on desktop. Right?

Copy Accelerator: So for here, for example, if you have

Copy Accelerator: you know, mobile, basically those attention span and mobile. Right? Then you have a 5. Okay, I know people have very short attention span. They only have 30 seconds. They're buying a mobile. That's the 5 like. Oh, my people are like, you know, 70 plus on desktop computers who will sit through like a 30 min. Vsl, okay, that's probably like a 1 or 2. Right? So that's how you can kind of think of this one here.

Copy Accelerator: Alright, few more to go. So payment, friction and financing options. Okay, like.

Copy Accelerator: if I look at payment friction like, if I look at like what a 5 looks like. There, it would be like saying, that's like free, and it's like a very easy checkout. So I think it's it's pricing, but it's also like it's really easy. Hey? Let's go here. Check, I mean, if you don't have to put a credit card in at all to me. That's a 5 cause. Then you're like, okay, like, Hey, put your name in your email, and I'm gonna send you this free guide right? Very little friction, which is why an opt in

Copy Accelerator: you have Mercedes free training, whatever it is right, it's why an option like that can, you know, convert it 50 to 70%. You know what I mean versus put a card in immediately. You're really not like a 5.

Copy Accelerator: I probably just put free for this right? But it's a really simple checkout. Cool. Now, if you're a checkout where

Copy Accelerator: they're sort of like

Copy Accelerator: even buy not pay later is nice. But like, you know, then that does actually add some friction with the buy, not pay later steps for approval, potentially, or it's gonna highly personalized or customized or configurable right? Things like that are gonna create more friction. And honestly, the reason that matters is you might you really need somebody. It's actually not just about the checkout page is the fact that you would want somebody to be like pretty heavily

Copy Accelerator: pre-sold

Copy Accelerator: by the time they get to that part, so that, like they will sit through all the shit they have to sit through to actually check out right? So that's a really important point. It's not just the checkout. It's like, preset them enough that when they get to the checkout

Copy Accelerator: which might have additional friction like they'll they'll suffer through it, you know. I saw something in the chat here.

Copy Accelerator: Oliver said. What businesses still have primarily desktop traffic completely offers. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if anybody it's pretty rare. But you're gonna see the most of like older demographics like you'll still see

Copy Accelerator: a surprising number of people on desktop who are like,

Copy Accelerator: you know, 60 plus type of thing that doesn't mean like, you know it. It's definitely a mobile 1st road, but like you'll just see more of it. So when I say, like back to that one on like Mobile. I'm talking about when you're like 90% plus mobile 100 mobile, whatever it is right. I almost look at it that way more than look at desktop, I'd look at it as like what percentage of my

Copy Accelerator: traffic and buyers and customers are mobile and like sort of like the higher that percentage.

Copy Accelerator: You know. Generally, you know.

Copy Accelerator: as one of the factors. Again, remember, you're gonna combine these all together. So

Copy Accelerator: even if they have a short attention span. But you're selling something that's $2,000, and you have no trust. And all these other things you're still gonna probably need longer funnels. Right? So that's why it's kind of valuable thing to create this criteria but if you're selling something like a free

Copy Accelerator: plus shipping, or like a free guide

Copy Accelerator: on Tiktok, primary, mobile. You want just a short fucking. Put your name in. Get this stuff testimony. What works credibility? Boop, get it right?

Copy Accelerator: So that's how you can think about it.

Copy Accelerator: good examples of accordion sections, I mean, not at the top of my head. But we'll go through all the examples of provided, and maybe we can find some there.

Copy Accelerator: and probably have some, probably some some swipes to will if you

Copy Accelerator: if I don't find any on this call. Remind me, Whatsapp and I can definitely find some. I just don't have any like prepared right now, but I probably I'm sure I have some saved

Copy Accelerator: 2 more community and social proof assets. Right? I brought social proof a bunch of times

Copy Accelerator: generally. If you have a ton of legit social proof. And that's like

Copy Accelerator: both, like throughout a funnel. But also online social media accounts. People are talking about you. If you have this big. You know, community of a hundred 1,000 plus people that you can point to and show like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: that folks are a member of it like if you have that level of your social proof.

Copy Accelerator: you know you don't need

Copy Accelerator: as much time talking about your credibility. You know things like that, whereas if you don't have all that.

Copy Accelerator: you know, going back to like in a Vsl or an avatar, whatever it is, you're gonna be spending more time talking about like? Why, you're credible sharing case studies things of that nature. Right? So you see, you see this all the time. I see it's like Landers for options, webinars, what are even physical products? Right? They're just like the it's, I mean, do the average Ecom Lander is like

Copy Accelerator: pretty minimalistic copy bunch of reviews of social proof.

Copy Accelerator: That's it. Right? You'll get

Copy Accelerator: you know, there's always gonna be exceptions. But like pure Ecom, that's a really pure ecom, precious lives on social proof. And, like you just don't have a lot of

Copy Accelerator: credibility. By our brand's great. You know what I mean like, cause you the social proof speaks for you.

Copy Accelerator: Okay? And then the last one in these factors

Copy Accelerator: is really just like time for results or physical progress.

Copy Accelerator: kind of similar to demonstrable proof in some respects.

Copy Accelerator: but it's sort of like the faster somebody can get a quick, visible win.

Copy Accelerator: you know, the less long it's being. It kind of releases demonstrable proof to be honest with you. But where I think that you know, we see this with people in our mastermind who are selling like

Copy Accelerator: you know, supplements, or even devices where they're like, hey like in your 1st week. Here's what you expect in week, 2 and week, 3 and week, 4 or this, like, you know, week, one week, 4 week, 8 week 12 right? It's sort of creating those milestones of like. Here's what to expect. Even on a landing page. It makes sense. But especially it's extra important to have those sort of assets when

Copy Accelerator: you know you, you're selling a product that doesn't necessarily give you really quick, visible wins right versus again. Like, if something's like an instant wrinkle remover, you're like, boom right? Something's like, Hey, like

Copy Accelerator: you're gonna get your 1st client tomorrow, right? Like I'll show you how in the next week.

Copy Accelerator: you know, when you have social proof around it, you don't need to spend as much time saying what's gonna happen 4 weeks from now you can. So not bad idea. Frankly, it's called future pacing, right? But like.

Copy Accelerator: essentially, that's this one. I again, it's not

Copy Accelerator: to me the most important one in this list, but because of like the way the grading system works.

Copy Accelerator: We'll keep it right. And so again, highest score

Copy Accelerator: is usually the the least copy like, add Pdp cart medium, add quiz advertorial

Copy Accelerator: a minute, vsl. Or longer form landing page cart. Now again, for this, could you do? You could do this as like a you know, this could be an empty kind of Mini vsl ad

Copy Accelerator: to the quiz advertorial

Copy Accelerator: to be, I mean, that's the thing, too. I mean, I'm honestly, I'll put it in here so we can see it like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: Let's do like this structure number one, and let's go to like.

Copy Accelerator: I hate the spacing, but I don't know a deal if they're not so, whatever

Copy Accelerator: structure number 2 could be like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: I guess we can move more, maybe like let's call.

Copy Accelerator: It's good for you.

Copy Accelerator: and I have 8 to 15 here, I'll come back to that. So let's see 3 to 10 min.

Copy Accelerator: the video ad you know.

Copy Accelerator: probably to a quiz advertorial and then sort of like.

Copy Accelerator: I mean similar. The point is on this one.

Copy Accelerator: I would almost say, test. We did talk about avatarios before.

Copy Accelerator: This is actually a structure. A lot of people in here run. So maybe that structure works pretty well. This is your honestly, probably mostly static ad, or really short ad, so you can put that there like static ad

Copy Accelerator: 4, 30 to 60. Second

Copy Accelerator: video ads, right? Obviously, if you run like sort of like an imped to kind of like Mini Dsl longer ad. Then.

Copy Accelerator: you know, depending how long it is you could just go to Pdp cart, you know upsells, or

Copy Accelerator: you know, you just go to a quiz or advertorial right? And then again, if it's like

Copy Accelerator: you're really breaking low for all of these things, you know, add often

Copy Accelerator: to advertorial. If you need it. We talk about why you need advertorial. We did that training last week.

Copy Accelerator: you know, via cell webinar

Copy Accelerator: application checkout, you know, potentially need ascension emails right? And then it said, iterate on one bachelor at times, like, thanks, chat Gpt.

Copy Accelerator: so I'm going to show this with everybody.

Copy Accelerator: But actually, it's really helpful. I actually like it a lot. It's a really good way to think about

Copy Accelerator: any offer and funnel. And I think these are, you know, very on point factors overall and then.

Copy Accelerator: you know, I'll share the deep research docs with everybody as well. So if you wanna go look through like

Copy Accelerator: examples it has. I mean, it's interesting times what stands very

Copy Accelerator: she's a linking to these things. Let's find out.

Copy Accelerator: and let's see if Gemini Gemini is still blacked out. I don't know if it got stuck at 362, and I need to like refresh it, or if it's still going, let's see.

Copy Accelerator: I don't wanna like I'm afraid to to stop it, and then I have to redo it. But if it stays stuck here for a while. Sometimes, if you refresh it, you'll find that it's like better. Because I'm really curious.

Copy Accelerator: It's go, Organifi Gundry.

Copy Accelerator: and like I said the beginning, this call, answer questions in just a second. It's like.

Copy Accelerator: that's why I do think there's like a kind of a value like I I'll basically run this a deep research, prompt and at least like

Copy Accelerator: chatgpt perplexity. And Google, usually because that Google actually sucks for a lot of deep research things I've done recently. But then this one.

Copy Accelerator: it looks like it's gonna be fucking dope right. But again, I don't know if it's like, just if it if it overloaded it, or what? But

Copy Accelerator: it's really interesting. So let's look at the chat here.

Copy Accelerator: We have clarity refresh will keep everything. Okay, okay, cool.

Copy Accelerator: We'll do in a second, mark, Alfir said. Duplicate the offer.

Copy Accelerator: Well, after what was the do? Oh, duplicate the oh, duplicate the page.

Copy Accelerator: I see.

Copy Accelerator: Okay, refreshed. I mean, this is moving. I don't know. When I get the final output of this I'll share for everybody. Do you guys have any questions on this again. I know it was kind of heavy, but again you'll get the document to go through it. And again I do think it's pretty sick. I like it a lot. I think there's a lot of cool

Copy Accelerator: things to to keep in mind, I think. And again, the goal is like

Copy Accelerator: giving you that rule of thumb where it's like.

Copy Accelerator: it doesn't mean you're not good testing. It's not. This is a golden rule, but like people

Copy Accelerator: you know, people are always looking for

Copy Accelerator: trying to figure out what structure to use. I think this helps.

Copy Accelerator: Iver said. You know, it's probably hard to answer without data. But how do you identify the bottleneck?

Copy Accelerator: In your funnel? Ads versus off of response threshold. One second.

Copy Accelerator: Mark! This is sick point towards what's been the back of my mind for so long. There isn't 1 golden funnel architecture, but depends on awareness. Credible. Yeah, cool man, awesome. Really glad you appreciate it. Glad, you guys rejoined, just in time to get the good stuff here.

Copy Accelerator: however, for what you said. There, how do you define the bottleneck in your funnel.

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, it's hard to answer about data. I mean.

Copy Accelerator: I feel like it could almost be its own separate thing. I I guess it's just like, because it comes out of metrics. Let me let me think about this

Copy Accelerator: in real time, for a minute here.

Copy Accelerator: and for anybody who, if you have any questions to hop off. I understand I won't be offended. I love you guys, but if you have questions, feel free to stay, or you want to hear me answer this also cool.

Copy Accelerator: I probably start with like the end in mind.

Copy Accelerator: However, if I'm thinking about this all out, so if I'm like.

Copy Accelerator: you know what? What's my goal? Right? Is my goal to acquire customers

Copy Accelerator: adding a positive row, as on day, 0, right? Like, okay, yeah, like, okay, cool

Copy Accelerator: And so, in order to do that, what do the metrics need to look like right with the current funnel? It's like, well.

Copy Accelerator: the Aov needs to be this

Copy Accelerator: right? Or the Cpa needs to be this

Copy Accelerator: or the Cpm or whatever it is, and a bit okay.

Copy Accelerator: So then, if I would start, I per I.

Copy Accelerator: It depends. But I will. Typically I probably start if I'm if I also depends on the fall structure. But say, I'm going to a landing page. That's sort of like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: it doesn't matter. Product page or Vsl goes to a checkout.

Copy Accelerator: And then I'm like, Okay, well, like, what

Copy Accelerator: percentage of people that go to landing page are going to the checkout.

Copy Accelerator: And what percentage of people from the checkout are converting?

Copy Accelerator: And then I'm like, do those metrics seem in line with other people. I would get like some kind of benchmarks to measure against right. Do those metrics seem

Copy Accelerator: pretty standard compared to what other people are seeing.

Copy Accelerator: If not, I might need to like, look at that. Okay, might increase doing to improve the checkout conversion rate or the click through rate, the click through rate on the landing page, or the Vsl. Or whatever it is, or the advertorial, too. Right? Like, okay, that's probably a copy optimization. If I have like a heat map on like a landing page. I can kind of look how far people are going, where they're dropping off. Are they clicking places where they're not supposed to click whatever it is. But, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, watch time on a Vsl. Or a bunch of people just dropping off in the 1st few seconds, and the thing goes like this like that. Instead of going like this, right? The watch time line. The service goes like this.

Copy Accelerator: You know, that's or it goes like this. Okay, well, that's the place to optimize.

Copy Accelerator: If the metrics look pretty good, I get the other part, then I guess

Copy Accelerator: concomitantly, which means at the same time so flex my vocab concomitantly. I would also

Copy Accelerator: definitely look at the ad metrics, too, I guess, because if I'm seeing like.

Copy Accelerator: are my Cpms way higher than the average person? Right? Am I?

Copy Accelerator: My cost per clicks higher? I'm not. Gonna I'm not an expert media buyer. I mean, obviously, we we I run a lot of things where we're buying traffic.

Copy Accelerator: But yeah, I mean, I don't know. I would look at if if it seems like those ad metrics are way out of line with what's typically seen, then look at that, because then it's sort of like, okay, if my, if my funnel metrics look good. But my ads, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, are those metrics are high. If I'm paying a lot of money for every click or every initiate checkout. Every person gets a checkout. Then

Copy Accelerator: part of the issue is, I need to get cheaper clicks to get to the checkout and to buy. Right? So then I'm looking at sort of like saying, like my cost per click, and that is qualified and like, if I lower, if I cut it the cost per click in half, and all the metrics stay the same.

Copy Accelerator: Do I have a winner? If I have a winner, okay, cool, then maybe that's the 1st place we should focus on or simultaneously focus on that like, can we? Can we figure out how to get our? You know the cost per click down right?

Copy Accelerator: or maybe the Cpm. If I Meta doesn't like my ads or whatever it is. So I'm like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: I'm I'm kind of looking at 2 things simultaneously. I'm looking at the ad side, and then I'm looking at the actual

Copy Accelerator: funnel metrics, and I'm into the point where the bottleneck is right, or if I feel like everything's pretty good, I just need like the Aov. If I just had an extra $20 or $40 to put play with.

Copy Accelerator: you know. Then I might be like, Okay, well, like.

Copy Accelerator: everything seems pretty solid. We just need to make more money if every sale, if we make more money for every sale, we can scale this thing, and then that's like

Copy Accelerator: a low hanging fruit thing I would focus on there right? So I know it's kind of an all over the place. Answer. It's hard for data, but those are just some of the ways I think about it. At least

Copy Accelerator: that makes sense

Copy Accelerator: like Gemini keeps breaking. Can't refresh

Copy Accelerator: anyone else. Have any questions before we wrap here.

Copy Accelerator: Have you ever heard about the metric of Aov

Copy Accelerator: X conversion rate times conversion rates agency. Or say, if it's below 3 50 to focus on 0. And this is the bottleneck in the business aov times conversion rate.

Copy Accelerator: So let's say so. $200 aov times like a

Copy Accelerator: would that be like a 1.7 5% conversion rate? That's my best

Copy Accelerator: I'll figure, I think that's like, I think that's interesting. I mean, I don't. I'd have to look at more real world data to like decide if I think that really is like a magical metric.

Copy Accelerator: but I think it's interesting. I mean for us. I've talked about this in the past like I tend to like. Look at

Copy Accelerator: our effective Cpa a lot. But that's a different metric than a lot of people look at. Nobody really talks about as much. If you go back to other trainings, you can find me talking about that, and why I like that.

Copy Accelerator: So I'm sort of interested in like, what's my like? I'm almost more just in building like a halo, so that I could spend more on Meta. But then, like or whatever it is, but have

Copy Accelerator: my overall cost to acquire a new customer. Be lower. But doesn't trains on effective Cpa in the past. So if you want to see that like, I think you can find one. And I've explained it. Within the members area. But I think, yeah, I think that Avx Cbr is interesting. I do also think, though, that most agency owners are like constantly trying to make up shit to like, be thought leaders and get people like if you go on access. Like, if you're not focusing on this, you're fucking up Bro, and it's also like, you know, I got this person to 10,000 x row as blah blah. It's like, Okay, cool, like, well, you know.

Copy Accelerator: how about the 20 other clients you guys have? So I don't know. I think of a grain of salt, but I think I think it kind of makes sense. I think it's interesting. I just don't know. I haven't looked at data to see if 3 50 makes sense, or what the number is, or if that's really a more important metric. Some of the other metrics I just mentioned. But it's interesting, for sure.

ofir bar: Yeah, I guess it's also niche specific, like every niche has its own standard.

ofir bar: I don't know conversion rate. And Aovs right?

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I think so. I mean, let's say.

Copy Accelerator: okay, let's say, I mean, it kinda makes sense, like, I kinda I like the idea as a rule of thumb cause like, let's say you're a lower ticket thing. So it's like a $50

Copy Accelerator: aov.

Copy Accelerator: But that means at a $50 Aov. Your conversion rate needs to be like 7%,

Copy Accelerator: and that seems a little bit high on like any scale, even at $50

Copy Accelerator: Aov, like, I don't know.

Copy Accelerator: I mean, it'd be nice. It's doable, probably, like if you're.

Copy Accelerator: But it also depends on the funnel. Right? If you're doing something where it's okay. It's it's like

Copy Accelerator: $10 front end. And you just get a bunch of Aov on the back end. Then, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, I could see that making sense of working. So I and I I

Copy Accelerator: I don't feel like the person who said, that's like a total

Copy Accelerator: full, and it might be a decent rule of thumb. I but I yeah, I don't know.

Copy Accelerator: I won't make that my Bible metric necessarily. But I but I but you know I see I see where he's coming from, and I see how it could depend. Even.

Copy Accelerator: you know, if you just sort of run it out right? Okay, like $10 Aov.

Copy Accelerator: Then you need what? Like a 35% conversion rate, which is kind of high

Copy Accelerator: so it might break down some lower. I mean again. I don't. I don't know if it works at every level, but, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, $350 Aov, you need a 1% conversion rate.

Copy Accelerator: probably. But frankly, you could probably be at a point 8 or point 7 or something. You know what I mean. So it's like

Copy Accelerator: like, but his rule of thumb is interesting.

ofir bar: Got it.

Copy Accelerator: Cool.

Copy Accelerator: All right, Olivier said. Would you still see value in a long form? Tsl, Vsl. For a solution of our market like, get them. Watch this before you start. Clp, one or sort of like what organics was doing with magnesium supplements. Why, 99% of Mag supplements are a waste of money, 7 different kinds of magnesium to get the benefits. By Mag. 7. Or is this a minimal lift implementation thing?

Copy Accelerator: I think it's something you can. I like, I wanna say, yeah, I can still see, value it.

Copy Accelerator: And it just sort of depends. I feel like

Copy Accelerator: I I do think it depends on like like, and by that what I mean like well, like, we tested some different Vsls with like, get thin

Copy Accelerator: over the last year and a half, and some of them like kind of showed promise. But nothing was like, Oh, this is so much better than we're doing that like, we're gonna devote a bunch of resources to it. It was sort of like

Copy Accelerator: 20% worse kind of seems neck and neck. But then we were always testing. Other things were higher, more higher priority. And so and they're short Vsls. They weren't like long form, though. Right they were. They were like

Copy Accelerator: 7 min type of Vsls. I I can't imagine

Copy Accelerator: a 30 or 40 min Vsl, making sense for some glue chat again. I I hate saying never! Because I imagine there's just some

Copy Accelerator: brilliant person.

Copy Accelerator: or maybe myself, if I I like to think not only that I'm but I mean, like I like to think that I could make anything work if I really had enough cracks at it right? But have the juice to be worth the squeeze, you know, back to the minimal lift like implementation thing. I just don't know that'd be worth it right?

Copy Accelerator: especially when you. It's already working this way. And and and that would be like a lot of effort, and I don't know.

Copy Accelerator: I think you need to take a lot of cracks at it, something like with a magnesium supplement where it's a commodity

Copy Accelerator: I feel like. In a way I get that more because

Copy Accelerator: I don't know. I think glp, one is like they're prescribed medication. There's like 0 doubt that they work.

Copy Accelerator: whereas with magnesium supplements, it's like

Copy Accelerator: there's a shit ton of magnesium supplements. There's different brands. There's different types

Copy Accelerator: like I'm not sure which type works which type doesn't work. I've heard some are waste of time and money like.

Copy Accelerator: you know.

Copy Accelerator: I I don't think today these in this day and age. I mean, if I was gonna do magnesium supplements, I can't imagine doing a Vsl for it. But I get it more because you're trying to educate more on. Why, this, like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, this type of magnesium works when others don't. So I kind of. I kind of get it.

Copy Accelerator: I still probably wouldn't start with that versus

Copy Accelerator: more of like a educational, and I probably just do like an advertorial. And then, like a

Copy Accelerator: you know, kind of an Ecom lander about why our magnesium is better. And I probably video ads right there. And that's really my preferred fun. I mean, it's what we're doing with opal beauty which

Copy Accelerator: we're doing this whole rebrand up. I'll show you guys real quick. I don't think I don't have like the

Copy Accelerator: Pdps yet to show you. But let me see if I can find.

Copy Accelerator: like our rebrand, it's gonna be fucking dope

Copy Accelerator: But basically the funnel structure of Opal Beauty Skincare Company is like, you know, really gonna be

Copy Accelerator: video ads, 30 seconds to a couple minutes long.

Copy Accelerator: Pdps check out. And then, if we need to add an advertorials on advertorials where that's sort of my default

Copy Accelerator: for a lot of things.

Copy Accelerator: but let me show you guys a couple of the products. So

Copy Accelerator: this is our. We've got a grass fed beef like whipped tallow bomb.

Copy Accelerator: Actually, wanna add, add, it's like a vanilla bean with it, too, which is actually important. That's on the label I just noticed. This is like a render but this towel is amazing. I'm using it actually went through my whole thing of it, and then my wife got it as a jar, but then

Copy Accelerator: she got hers after mine. So I started using her jar, and now we go back and forth right? And then there's like

Copy Accelerator: our udi serum, which is a totally different formulation to myself. Sexy. Such sexy packaging. Come on, get out of here. But you know, we've got really nice branding on it like good brand assets all that. So like.

Copy Accelerator: we're not gonna do a Vsl, but yeah, but my default is just like like I said, like video ads

Copy Accelerator: to

Copy Accelerator: Pdp, which we're gonna do ours kind of demo release. This will be a little bit more copied than the average Econ page, because we have less social proof to start

Copy Accelerator: and then check out. And as we get more social proof

Copy Accelerator: they will test shorter Landers, right? All that kind of stuff. But yeah.

Copy Accelerator: thanks, guys, yeah, it's so sexy.

Copy Accelerator: Like, I said, thoughts on the health insider style.

Copy Accelerator: running a lot of statistics that have random visuals and little quick bait to advertise. Can you send me? Do you have an example, Levi? You can drop in here I can look at.

Copy Accelerator: Do you have like a link to one

Copy Accelerator: cool? Let me share it.

Copy Accelerator: I'm just going through real quick.

Copy Accelerator: So I mean this style advertorial. I mean, if it's working, then it's working. I generally, and I get it. It looks very.

Copy Accelerator: It looks very legit like it looks like a real news thing. So I understand right? It. It seems like very like I'm reading an article. And so for those cases like the statistics kind of make sense.

Copy Accelerator: I typically don't love

Copy Accelerator: just starting out things of statistics. As a you know, general rule of thumb. The reason I've said in the past about it is like, you're sort of

Copy Accelerator: anytime you start off with like, Hey, lots of people struggle from this problem, and I'm like, I don't care about the general. I care about the specific. The specific is me, right? So

Copy Accelerator: like.

Copy Accelerator: you know, I I get it. But yeah, I don't know. I mean, if it's working, then more power to it. I mean, the images are cool, scientific.

Copy Accelerator: It seems like cool. I would, I would, you know, test swiping it if I had the right thing for it. So yeah, I don't know. I like it.

Copy Accelerator: As library, too. Let's see real quick.

Copy Accelerator: Oops. Yeah, click on that. Let's see.

Copy Accelerator: And is it kinda makes sense? It's smart. I like it. I mean, it's sort of like

Copy Accelerator: again. I'm I'm like, you know, Tiny. So if I click on, this is, gonna take me to the page right?

Copy Accelerator: it's like interesting. They'll get little like memes or like infographics. Almost right. And I'm like, okay, like, that's interesting. I want to learn more. I bet they get a really high click through rate. To be honest with you. I would bet these ads get phenomenal click through rate.

Copy Accelerator: I kind of like it frankly.

Copy Accelerator: That's dope. Yeah. I'd love to see how it goes for you, Levi, because I actually do. I I think

Copy Accelerator: I wouldn't mind. I don't least on this call or not. But I wouldn't mind like swiping trying to sell for what we're doing. I mean, I think it'd be different, because it wouldn't be like necessarily so factual. But again I get it. It's like sort of.

Copy Accelerator: you know, an article like it makes sense. But they have great, actually, really like this style. I'm gonna say that. Thank you for sharing cause.

Copy Accelerator: I don't know if it works for everybody, but I totally get it.

Copy Accelerator: and I get it when it goes, and then and I get the congruency right. There's like a payoff. Because if I'm going from

Copy Accelerator: this thing that's gonna kind of show me like

Copy Accelerator: it feels like a like an article, whatever it is like it makes sense that I go to something that feels like an article also. So

Copy Accelerator: yeah, I get it. It seems cool.

Copy Accelerator: Anybody else before we wrap.

Tasos: Alright!

ofir bar: Yeah, I have one question.

Copy Accelerator: Good.

ofir bar: Oh, yeah. Go ahead.

Tasos: No think there was some.

ofir bar: Yeah, it's not urgent. But I have a question. So why do you think

ofir bar: golden people are launching different brands, solving the same problems, you know, with different authority figures.

Copy Accelerator: I mean, I think it's, you know, market saturation like it's sort of like a

Copy Accelerator: the authority figure that resonates with one segment of the market might not resonate with another segment of the market. So we have different authority figures.

Copy Accelerator: you know. You could have different of like

Copy Accelerator: touch points, right. One might be like one appeals to guys. 50 plus one appeals to woman 35 plus one feels to woman 50, plus all that. And then, you know, different brands is sort of like, I mean, you know, partly probably just having different

Copy Accelerator: companies and assets, you know. Also, I don't know their their current structure and model. But in some cases, you know, maybe somebody.

Copy Accelerator: It's like a gorgeous, the publishing model, right? So it's like, maybe that somebody kind of has ownership of each brand, and they they try and grow it that way, and you get this big aggregate. I would assume I would assume that's the answer.

ofir bar: Got it. Okay.

Copy Accelerator: We we talked about like Vishra, for example, and Vshre had.

Copy Accelerator: you know, they they was like only Vince, and like they were constantly like they want to get away from only Vince, because.

Copy Accelerator: you know, it's like a

Copy Accelerator: there was still some segment of the market that might not field events. So now they have, like Dr. Drew, and they have that chick from American gladiator. Yeah, they haven't. They haven't really fully executed on that. But

Copy Accelerator: you know strategically, it makes sense. We're getting different.

Copy Accelerator: Spokespeople are gonna speak to people and different brands. If I keep seeing the same brand I didn't buy

Copy Accelerator: then it's like, Okay, maybe they'll speak more to a different brand of a different ethos or style. So but again, I wouldn't really be trying to do that until I'm

Copy Accelerator: pretty large, though, you know.

ofir bar: Yeah, it's just like hard for me to believe that the customer they're trying to target. And like, for example, like Dr. Gandry, is different than the customer in in roundhouse.

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, I mean again. But maybe there's something they're saying. Gun tree's around for forever. So if you're like.

Copy Accelerator: there's very well, maybe some like, you know, percentage of their total addressable market like 20%.

Copy Accelerator: They were sent us like I bought from that Doctor Gundry before or like. I don't like Doctor Gundry. Oh, yeah, I've seen that guy all over the place. It was like a fatigue, right? It's like a like a ad fatigue, like a like a banner blindness. And so I think, that could apply to a spokesperson as well. Right.

ofir bar: Yeah, I think they might also exclude maybe buyers from Dr. Gandry on roundhouse house ads, maybe.

ofir bar: What do you think.

Copy Accelerator: Could be. Yeah, I'm not sure but it would make sense potentially

Copy Accelerator: cool. Good question. And then who else had a question.

Tasos: Yeah. Stefan, I want to ask you, could we do a training

Tasos: going more specifically on the funnels and like, Why do you believe they work. For example, for us works 25 min. Dsl, to an advertorial.

Tasos: This sounds counterintuitive, or somebody runs it like Dr. Gundry sometimes runs an hour long. Vsl, to a quiz funnel.

Copy Accelerator: Right.

Tasos: Like all these weird funnel combinations, and

Tasos: in which cases do you believe they perform the best.

Copy Accelerator: Yeah, we can definitely do something on that. I mean, the challenge, I think, is just like.

Copy Accelerator: I mean, it's probably where we can just do like, you know, different funnel breakdowns like on different calls.

Copy Accelerator: But I just sort of feel like it's it's hard, because

Copy Accelerator: it's it's the the super annoying answer of like, I just got a test like, I just feel like there's cases where.

Copy Accelerator: like, you know.

Copy Accelerator: like 25 min Bsl advertorial does encounter, too, but it's working for you. So it's like phenomenal. But I would guess, like

Copy Accelerator: 9 out of 10 people in here would run the same thing, and it would not be their winner, or like 7 out, 8 out 10. So it's kind of like. For some reason. I mean, we we can go through your funnel right on a call if you're down like I mean or whatever I'm down to do that like, and and try to guess, you know. But it's.

Tasos: Yeah.

Copy Accelerator: Sometimes it's hard to to know, truly, and that's why the testing thing is so important. You know.

Tasos: Yeah, okay.

Copy Accelerator: We can definitely do more funnel breakdowns and stuff like that, and and dissections and sort of

Copy Accelerator: guessing why they work. Because I enjoy doing that stuff, anyway?

Copy Accelerator: I'll go back to Erin in a second. Mark

Copy Accelerator: for guys running. Dr. Heavy. Ecom stuff. What tracking attribution do you use? I know. Yeah, leave. I said, triple. Well, people like, yeah, we still use Hiros for the most part for stuff we do, which we're pretty happy with and we use well, red track from Meta specifically.

Copy Accelerator: and then Hiros sort of like our overall sales tracking.

Copy Accelerator: let me see, Aaron said. Can you expand on the statistic

Copy Accelerator: thought, we see a statistic, heavy ads crack. Well.

Copy Accelerator: so long as the stats are actually relevant to the core position. Yeah, I mean, I just historically

Copy Accelerator: like.

Copy Accelerator: I think it could work in an ad. I think it depends. I don't know. I think if it's an interesting like Stat.

Copy Accelerator: that somebody like is

Copy Accelerator: I? I don't know, I guess. Test everything. I just historically never liked statistics. So I always felt like

Copy Accelerator: when you share statistics. It was like, you're kind of speaking to

Copy Accelerator: a general population, and people like, I said, are more interested in the specifics so like

Copy Accelerator: it started like a Vsl, for example, if it's like, did you know that 85% of people struggle with Xyz? It's like to me, it's like.

Copy Accelerator: for most niches. I'm like, Yeah, great.

Copy Accelerator: But like, tell me about me and my problem.

Copy Accelerator: But the market continues to change and evolve. And so it may well be

Copy Accelerator: that you know that's just an opinion I had. That was maybe

Copy Accelerator: right in the past. It may not be as right anymore. Like I said, those ads that are showing statistics and going to Landers like, I actually think that's a pretty good structure. So I like that. So it probably depends on the context as well.

Copy Accelerator: And I guess it depends on the market, too, like I think, for a female heavy market.

Copy Accelerator: I kind of feel like statistics

Copy Accelerator: can make more sense. Maybe I make him. I'm sort of. Maybe I'm full of shit, I don't know. But like cause it's like, Hey, you're not alone, girl, hey? A bunch of women are going through this. We're all in together, whatever it is, right versus in a male market where I feel like

Copy Accelerator: whatever I don't care about those guys like I care about me. But yeah, I don't know. I don't have a really like.

Copy Accelerator: That's the thing I observed over the years, but it could well be that's changed. And I need to to update my belief. Set on that.

Copy Accelerator: See how it's really boost revenue. I don't boost revenue, but it helps us make good decisions.

Copy Accelerator: You know anything else, guys, before we wrap going once, going twice.

Copy Accelerator: 3 times gone. Alright. Thanks. Everybody. Appreciate it. Enjoyed it. I'll make sure everyone gets access to all this stuff and talk soon. Thanks, guys, bye.