Alright, so today we're going to go through checkouts.

You know, I did a module back in the day of my profit fix

formula on checkouts, and honestly not like a whole lot has changed,

so I don't think this will be a really long section.

But if we're going through the whole funnel and the whole journey,

then I would feel weird not also taking time to go through checkout.

One thing to keep in mind is, by the time we get to a

checkout, in general, in general,

uhm,

it should be formality,

but we can't, like, assume that the person is going to buy.

But what I mean by formality, I mean, you know,

if we talk about the process as we've gone through this in other modules

of RMBC, too, it's like you,

you've educated, you've probably emotionally connected at some level,

you've connected with the right prospects, right, you've had the right messaging for their

product market awareness level, you've sold them on the

product, the features, the benefits, the emotional aspect of it,

uhm, you've educated them,

right, about yourself, you've shown them a social proof,

you've validated it more broadly, right,

with testimonials and things of that nature, oh my god, things of that nature,

here I go again, uhm, so at

this point, it's just time to buy. And, so all we're really going to

do in this video is go through some examples of different brands and look

at the checkouts, and then in the next section on upsells,

I'm gonna, I'm gonna actually buy all of these,

my wife's gonna be like, what the hell, all these random things come,

and, uh, we'll see what they do for upsells,

and we'll have some different ones up here, more direct response oriented,

more, uh,

you know, sort of Shopify,

cleaner types of upsells as well.

So, let's start with this Dr. Clean. If you recall from the native aspects

of the advertorial section, they,

we got through this funnel, which I really, like, do like their landing page,

you know, their PDP a lot. It's really clean and sexy.

I don't think I broke this one down on the PDP section,

because I just started swiping things, but it's a really nice

product page, you know, so I'll talk about that for a minute,

but, oh, the design is, is really sexy,

and you know, it's fun, it's funny, how should I say like this.

I don't know if I've saved it already, but I'm gonna make sure I

save it right now. Uhm,

I mean, the margins are probably great. I don't know what the pricing is

yet. That's actually something important to point out too,

right? On the PDP, I probably should have talked about this in the PDP

section. Sometimes you're showing the price

in the prox, you know, the prox selection. Sometimes you're still hiding

it, you're saying get a 65% off discount. So that's an interesting thing about

the call to action, right?

Might have to do a second video on the PDPs, because I don't want

to take the checkout section and turn it into endless PDPs.

But, okay, cool. But the margins are gonna be great. I mean,

it's probably some cheap-ass cleaner, cost like cents,

pennies to make, maybe like $1.50, I don't want,

maybe they're, again, don't come at,

don't at me, Dr. Clean, you know, I want to be shocked if,

no, our cleaners, our cogs are actually very high,

because it's so advanced, alright, whatever, I, you know, cool.

This is a great page.

But anyway, it was the advertorial about clean ovens, sorry,

the ad about clean ovens, advertorial about clean ovens takes you to this page,

which is sort of about every stain, so not just about clean ovens,

okay, interesting. Let me get my 65% discount.

Let's go to mobile, for this we gotta really check on mobile,

okay? Great direct response elements here.

Okay, scarcity, well,

may not be true, it's always Mattel by the way.

Do you think we could brands like? A direct response brand.

We've got something like this, this, right? 65% off,

like 59% left in stock, which is probably not true,

which is like fake scarcity, but like, everyone does it,

not saying you should do it, not condoning it, just saying.

Okay, the discount's been applied,

we've got a 10 minute timer for how long it's reserved for,

so a lot of urgency. What do we see immediately up here?

You're gonna see, save money, you've got a discount,

low stock, you're only reserved for this period of time.

Then we've got testimonials. This is interesting,

you know, we just said we're gonna buy it, why are we seeing all

this? You know why we're seeing all this? Because,

I'm guessing the spray is pretty expensive for what is essentially just a,

you know, common household cleaner, right?

Drop shipped from China,

most likely. Okay,

so we've got testimonials, before-afters. Advanced formula,

natural ingredients,

okay. Look how amazing this is.

Effortlessly erase every stain with Dr.

Clean. Ditch all those ineffective cleaners, Dr.

Clean makes your house spotless in minutes. All-purpose cleaning spray,

eco-friendly, cost-effective, so we're kind of reminding them of the benefits.

Reminding them of the social proof. Reminding them of what happens here,

30-day money-back guarantee, works on all surfaces,

removes all stains. Choose your package,

okay? So a single bottle is $20,

right? How does that compare,

to other products? They're all-purpose cleaners. Let's go to,

like, Publix is,

like, a grocery store chain in Florida, right? Okay. Method is $1.99.

This is weird. I know why this is giving me this, because I didn't

let it know my location. It's gonna be, like, weird Euro pricing.

Okay, this is a bathroom all-purpose cleaner.

It's Pine Sol. There's also a brand that they carry a lot

called, like, Meyers. I'm

gonna order ahead. Just show me Meyers.

Oh, my God. Of course, your website's gonna suck. I was gonna Instacart.

Okay.

Meyers. Meyers is, like, an all-purpose cleaner.

It's, like, non-toxic. We use them in our house.

$4.99, okay?

Lysol. It's $8. There's Meyers again.

Method's $4.99. Lysol

again, $5.99. All that kind of stuff,

right? Okay. Let's go to Target real quick.

Just see. Target has some other brands. Okay,

a lot of the same things, but, you know, same pricing.

$5.99, a little bit more expensive. I think, was Publix $5.99 or $4.99?

I don't remember, but, Sorry,

what was this one? Everspring.

Okay, it looks like all organic and natural. $3.

Okay, and then, What about something more bougie?

Let's do Sprouts, I guess.

Sprouts has, like, more organic stuff. Okay,

we've got Zum.

$6.99, 7th generation,

$6.29.

Okay, so the more organic stuff here,

$6.99. Alright, you've got Cola Eco Kitchen Cleaner,

Australian Lemon Myrtle. It's, like, exotic.

That's nice. That's I'm looking for, and that's the price, oh, rich people would

buy that, right? That's sort of top

of market. Then,

we've got our boy, Dr. Clean here,

$19.95 for a single cleaner.

Okay, and it goes down in price for the more cleaners you order.

Thank you So,

let's start with the package selection. Classic direct response,

1, 2, 3, 4. Why not 1,

3, 6? Sorry,

I'm not trying to sound like it's dumb to ask those questions.

It's just that, who knows? Who knows why not 1,

3, 6? Probably they've tested it,

they seem pretty dialed in. They probably found that 1,

2, 3, 4 does better.

Oh, you get these multi-purpose cleaning tablets.

Well, that's not super clear, to get this bonus,

right? But you save more. It shows you,

I guess you get these cleaning tablets no matter what, but you get more.

I do think, one opportunity, though.

It's telling me what the cleaning tablets are, like it mentioned the bonus somewhere.

Like,

you know, I don't think you can fit it here if you're too busy,

I'm not sure if they put it below, like, plus these cleaning tablets,

right? Uhm, like, why do I,

like, you know, okay, cool, I get these, it helps me a little bit,

but it would be good, why not sell me a little more on the

cleaning tablets. New Express Checkout PayPal,

you know, your card, customer information,

delivery address, all transactions are SSL secure and encrypted.

You've got your total here, what you're saving,

what your summary is, it's a nice checkout, right?

Complete order, not buy now. Complete order feels,

like, nice, feels nice to complete.

Guarantee,

happy customers, professional customer support,

all this. But it's like, why do I need all this copy,

all those pages, to sell a cleaning spray?

It's because I'm going to charge you a crazy amount of money for a

cleaning spray that's, like, triple the cost.

Of what the market

would normally charge,

and another

thing they could probably do, because people are kind of wary these days,

I mean, it doesn't look like, I mean, I'm assuming this isn't a subscription,

I'm not looking at my card. I'm not sure why they aren't really clear,

like, with, like, you know,

this is not a subscription, one-time purchase, I almost guarantee if they put that

on their checkout, they would increase their conversion rate, because people are really wary

of subscriptions, right, and it's not 100% clear.

Presumably,

if I go type in my address, I won't type it on the camera,

it's going to tell me, let's see, like, ah, it's going to start suggesting,

interesting that it's not,

I wonder if that's,

usually a lot of the places will have, like,

you know, an enable to where it auto-completes your address for you,

which also helps to reduce, you know, shipping errors and things,

they don't have that, so that's interesting. So

this is on desktop, go back to mobile,

mobile is actually the way I would really look at most of this stuff

here. You can complete order, okay?

So I will, sales

tax, processing, handling fees will be applied at the end of the ordering process.

So what does that mean, right? Also,

I'm getting one for $19.95.

This is sneaky, right?

So I've ordered one, my order summary is hidden.

When I open it down, I'm getting a shipping warranty.

So

I'm basically getting a warranty for this. I'm removing that. Shipping isn't,

you know, included. Fine, no big deal. Do the other ones include free shipping?

That's another thing I would consider doing. But that warranty is very sneaky,

right? It's free money for them, another reason why it's direct response.

Um,

so showing my total savings. So it's nice to really dialed in.

It's kind of crazy that they're charging as much for a cleaner,

but good DR elements. So that was our checkout for dr.

Clean spray. I'm gonna save that checkout to have it for later.

to another checkout here. Let's go back to David. Okay.

So very branded e-com.

Got one time purchase, subscribe and save. These guys are funny. I almost don't

really want to order their stuff honestly

because it's like okay

milk protein tapioca starch modified

plant fat. Like

these bars are like not good.

I don't know if that Huberman

quote is even real, to be honest with you. Uhm,

I guess I'll order a box to find out.

So, we're going one important note here.

Their checkout is sort of like a two-step. Like, the landing page is here.

You're ordering twelve of these,

which price-wise isn't terrible. It's less than,

it's not, I mean, it's a little over three dollars a bar.

But, like, it's not like the crazy, it's not crazy.

So, we're going to do chocolate chip cookie dough. Okay,

well I'll play again. I got more than 70 dollars,

I get free shipping. So, let's say I do that right. So,

I would consider that for Dr. Clean. Add to cart.

I would assume I'm going to get the side thing. So,

this is kind of more of a classic, uhm, Shopify checkout,

right? This is cool.

We have this, right? Hey, you get free shipping of two cartons,

you get free gift for three cartons, for three cartons, and you get four

cartons. But,

it's a subscriber-safe option. Why subscribe?

So, they're really trying to push you to subscription, right? More flavors you can

add. This is like a, uh, Shopify widget,

where it has, like, suggestions for, like, additional, uh,

you know, trying to up your order value, your AOV. Reminds me of Fast

and Secure Shipping, Satisfaction Guarantee,

Temperature-Protected Packaging. Okay, cause that might be my big ob- Why is that important?

That might be a big objection I have, like, what if the,

what if they know that I live in Arizona, I live in Florida,

I live in Las Vegas, or wherever, right? Uhm,

but we're just gonna continue to checkout. And this is a very classic Shopify

checkout. You've got these Express Pay options.

Thank All these things.

We'll give you shipping, uh, methods in a moment.

Pay now. You got options to add other flavors before it's too late.

So again, this is all about AOV.

Right before it's too late, there's a little bit of scarcity. We have

a discount code that shows up here.

What about our friends at Clarifyon?

So remember them, advertorials,

this is sort of your product page,

slash checkout, get 1,

3, 6,

7, 8,

9. Just pick one.

Credit card, checkout right on this page.

10% off when you go on their email

list. So, you know, they've got margin to spare on this,

which this device costs them like $3 or something.

Your shipping address, billing address and shipping address.

order somewhere you can get the two-year protection plan.

So this is their little order bump upsell.

It's worth noting what we're doing here, right? So it's like the clean spray

people have like a little shipping warranty that's very sneakily added.

At least Clarifines is not as sneakily added.

I'm not going to add that. One device, free shipping,

guarantee. Terms of use.

Should actually just click on it here. It's doing the same thing.

New page.

Like, my little video bubble disappeared. So I'm gonna finish this example and then

we'll do a part two video. The biggest thing I'm doing,

why am I looking here, is to see if they have

a subscription policy,

right? Which I can't read upon.

So

you may have an option to do these things.

If

you purchase a subscription, right, it will be billed,

you can cancel.

Basically, what's not clear to me, again,

is,

And by the way, it's a picture, so you can't copy and paste it,

right? So it's shady AF. So

my question, again, is, like,

Let's see.

Is this a subscription?

I don't know.

And so even doing, like, a demo here,

Because I think it's sort of a little bit shady,

I'm not going to buy this one and even see what the upsells are.

I mean,

I might? But I don't really trust these people, so I'm not going to

buy from them. But,

you know, check out, You got that bump again.

This is interesting, the 10% off when you opt in.

Again,

to me,

like,

I really think it hurts people's conversions every time by not saying no subscription

if it's not a subscription. Alright,

we'll do some more checkouts, but I'm going to do it on,

uh, a second video.