Alright, so let's go ahead and get into actually

creating VSLs. We'll be doing,

you know, quad. You already saw some glimpses of how this worked,

but we'll actually just generate a full VSL. Um,

we're gonna do like a long form example or two, medium form,

three to seven minute length, short form,

all that. And you can kind of watch the process

as I go about. So,

this is that Unity ISER and brief we did before.

Now, as you'll recall, there's a couple little things I noticed as I went

through, um, in the previous video,

so I'm gonna go ahead and, like, modify them here.

It was all the stuff around existing solutions,

all that was cool. The mechanism,

as you may recall, the College of Architecture breaks down.

Thing was cool,

and I actually liked it happening at the DEJ. So,

it's important we kind of do revisit this for just a minute,

and so hence that's why we're doing it. Okay,

think of young skin like a high-quality fabric with perfectly tight,

organized weave. Every collagen thread is in its proper place,

working together to create smooth, strong, beautiful skin.

But as we age, something far more devastating occurs than simple thread loss.

Those collagen threads don't just age. They become loose,

tangled, and lose their organized structure. The hooks that connect your skin layers at

the DEJ break down and disappear.

This line to me doesn't really make sense,

right? So I would just delete this line,

because it doesn't really make sense. What are we talking about hooks?

The hook, it made sense for this, or previous mechanism.

But if we're talking about this architecture and a fabric and weaving analogy,

then like it doesn't, there's no reason for that.

So I'm removing it. Removing that line, because I don't want that in my

copy, or to, the LM to talk about it.

Instead of that tight, precise weave, your skin's foundation becomes like fabric that's been

stretched and twisted until the threads are jumbled together.

The separation between skin layers means,

and

then it talks about the separation between scales. Skin layers, right?

So, what I honestly would probably do here,

if I think about it, I'd do something like this.

Looking really nice overall.

Here's one more issue.

I like

saying that the collagen architecture

breakdown is happening at the DEJ level,

but I don't think,

but I think.

the UMP part conflates with what I gave before, and the DEJ stuff from

the website. I'm going to give examples.

Right, so I'm going say, for example,

doesn't

really

make sense. We're using this weave and thread,

this weaving and

threading Analogy,

where do hooks come from?

And we say,

first part

is good,

but why does,

uh,

strategy work? Crutched and twisted fabric with

threads that are jumbled together

mean there's a separation between

skin layers. You can

still say that the, jumbling

and twisting leads to a separation

if we want, but we really need to explain

why, or explain it in the context of

our collagen architecture and

weaving.

metaphor or analogy, right?

Now I'm looking at UMS again.

For

the unique nicknames,

I like, since we're not as focused

on the DEJ, for this new sales letter.

Change

this teaser phrase.

Not make it about the DEJ breakthrough.

So,

hopefully you can understand why I'm doing this feedback,

right? This is actually so cool,

because when I am copy-chiefing or working with in-house copy-chiefs,

copywriters or, you know, whatever the case may be,

uhm,

like, part of what you want to do,

one of the reasons, like, the brief and the mechanism and these things are

important, is to sort of catch weird stuff before you go to write copy.

And it's the same whether you're working with a copywriter who's writing the copy

and giving you ideas, or you're working like a junior copywriter,

or you're looking like me. And even if you're sort of an early-on copywriter

and you're watching this, you know, essentially you graduated to copychief,

this is your junior copywriter, but your junior copywriter can write at the level

of an absolute world-class legendary copywriter,

Uhm,

so, that's why we're making these little modifications,

right? This

is actually fine. Here, it's saying penetrates deep into the D-E-J,

where iaging begins. That's fine, because we're still going to say at the beginning,

uhm, that's cool, right?

Here, the Quest for Solutions armed with

Dr. Schilling's insights about the

D-E-J and the specific ingredients.

So, here, uhm, we're going to go with that.

This will be for the background

story. This part should probably

be changed. Just,

I guess the types of architecture breakdowns, maybe not. Actually,

I was thinking,

because we're talking about college and architecture breakdown at the DEJ,

so maybe that's okay. Testimonials,

things like that are fine. Guarantee

is fine, scarcity is fine,

I think the rest of it's pretty good.

Okay,

I might modify this for the VSL version. So I'm going to give it

feedback on these, on this part first,

okay? I'm going to delete this,

actually this part's okay. Please

update these parts. And

nicknames. On my feedback.

Again,

I don't want to get rid of the DEJ altogether.

I actually, like saying it starts at the DEJ,

just need to make main focus on this collagen

architecture breakdown that happens there.

Let's see

how it does.

I'll give you this feedback, first and foremost.

This

guy did it. Okay, cool. So,

it's happening at the dermal-epidermal junction.

Radiation and devastating occurs. Collagen threads don't just disappear,

they become loose, tangle, and lose their organized structure. This breakdown begins at the

DEJ, where your skin layers meet and spread throughout the collagen matrix.

Instead of the tight, precise weave, your skin's foundation becomes like fabric that's been

stretched and twisted until the threads are jumbled together. When this organized structure collapses,

it creates gaps and weaknesses in the skin's foundation.

These structural failures mean,

it's got this stuff here, UMP, this part's

all the same, and now it's got the structural renewal breakthrough

that reverses collagen architectural breakdown. So now I think it's solid.

So it really addressed the things I had issues with. So,

I'm going to go ahead and take this, and update it,

and I'm going to copy and paste it in. Here's the other thing I'm

going to do. I don't think I need to include the big ideas to

test, to be honest with you. Why am I doing this?

Because I don't want Claude to specifically focus on

those. Thank you I

also don't think these hooks are that good, so I'm actually going to delete

the hooks, too. I'm still going to end up writing,

like, leads separately,

and we'll do that in a separate module, or component of ESLs.

But,

yeah, I don't think I need to have this part, okay?

So, I'm making some little modifications here. I'm going to download this

as a PDF. Bear

with me for a moment. Now, I'm going to have it in my PDF.

I'm going to use that. Actually, I'm going to add it here,

too. I'm going to remove this one. And

add it here, so we can keep track of things.

Now, let's go write a long VSL.

So,

long form VSL generator, okay?

Now, here's where we have a

couple decisions to make. As it stands,

okay? The first decision is

how much do we want to just really directly swipe something that we know

works. So, for example,

Midoline,

super aggressive weight loss thing, pretty long.

Could swipe it. High-Ticket Coaching probably wouldn't make sense.

Sign to Sell, I don't really know that well. Let's look at it again

for a minute. I guess I probably will break it down in the previous

section.

This is very doctor-driven. And it's like,

you know, pretty white hat, but solid.

Okay. Sign to Sell there. Emma's very white hat.

Backyard Liberty wouldn't really make sense. The Agora Financial Trust one wouldn't really make

sense, unless you're trying to do like an interview one, whatever it is.

So we sort of have two options, right? One is you can be like,

hey, do a direct swipe. And by the way, if you want to really

directly swipe something, you have these.

You can also

upload your brief,

right? And you can upload another VSL if you want to swipe.

Even if this project doesn't matter, you can go, hey, here's a VSL,

your one document's a VSL, uhm,

for whatever it is.

Now I have a brief of information for a new or different product and,

like, niche. Like, I want you to closely model the structure,

length, everything else about existing VSL,

but, you know, do it for a new market and for,

uh, this product. I mean,

let me show you what that looks like. This is sort of the lazy

swipe way. So again, and there's two things you can do. You can always

just add that VSL to the project base and go like,

hey, swipe. You saw a few financial. Hey,

swipe. This is for a skincare thing.

I want to do it in the form of my, like, watch.

I'll show you. Okay. Um,

uploaded the brief for a new VSL I want to write.

Um, like,

I'm gonna say that, uh, VSL that we're going to going to

write to start. I want to see what it looks like if

we very closely model

the structure and length of

mydolene, say of mydolene

VSL. That's in your

project knowledge, but doing it for,

you know, this new product and brand.

Can you do the first 1,000

words of the new project?

PSL, uh,

following the Myrlene structure,

so I can see what that looks like.

I'll save this, like, as a,

uh, prompt for you as well,

okay? Uhm, let me go ahead and do that right now.

Okay, so this way you can

kinda see

what's it gonna look like if I swipe something like Myrlene,

okay? The

problem is it's gonna be really close to Myrlene. Hey,

I'm health researcher Laura Cotella here,

writer's night, I'm Laura.

Actually,

it is doing it a little bit original, which is kind of interesting.

Look at this. This is just ordinary eye cream sitting on my vanity. It's

probably just like the expensive eye cream you bought from Sephora last month,

and the second you finished checking out online for that $89 jar,

you gave the beauty industry another $89, while your crow's feet stayed exactly the

same. Because here's what they don't want you to know. Sarah,

a 47-year-old working mom from Phoenix, tried the same eye cream for six months.

She religiously applied it morning and night, just like the instructions said.

She spent over $500 on various ice creams and serums,

or stuff like Or suffered,

that doesn't make sense, through painful Botox injections every four months,

$600 a pop. I don't know if I say and,

right? Shows up in the expensive department store miracle creams.

Wow, this is actually terrible. I don't know what is going on.

This is very bizarre. Okay,

so this is super weird. I don't mind the start.

But I think it's sort of conflating this one with the Amazon one.

If you remember the long-form Amazon one I broke down before.

Because

it's like literally nonsensical.

I'm gonna tell Has

some good parts. Also nonsensical.

Can you please review

it? Let's see

what happens

when I do this,

because this is very weird.

I mean, I actually like parts of it, but it was very weird.

Let's

see. All right.

Still

weird, was about to discover Bizarre Skin Breakthrough Back by Breakthrough Studies from

Harvard. Harvard & Lee Dermatological Research.

So it's trying to do, like, essentially, it might have leaned the structures,

like, hey, I'm a health researcher, and behind me are people who discovered these

things, right? There's still a super nonsensical,

if I was really in a pinch, I could make this work.

Sarah, a 47-year-old working mom from Phoenix,

was about to discover Bizarre Skin Breakthrough.

Backed by Breakthrough Studies.

Like, Breakthrough Studies is super f****** weird. So, I don't know what's going on

with this. Really never had anything like this happen before.

Yeah, I want to mention Opal Beauty in the, Another thing,

so why are we getting that thing where it's always saying that Laura's the

founder of Opal Beauty?

It's because, and I wondered if it was going to do this again,

and it did. I'm going to

delete all this.

Boop.

Keep that there. So,

I'm going to redownload this. I'm going to put it here again.

Here's

the thing, right? For

a short VSL, or medium length VSL,

you might want it, okay? I'm going to delete this brief that we have

here, which is trash, re-upload with the additions I just made.

Now, the prompt should have worked well,

but didn't, right? Super bizarre. So,

let's come back here. What should we do?

Should we try Opus? Should we try Sonnet?

Should we try 3.7?

Let's actually try 3.7 for quad.

Give it the same prompt. Because, by the way,

I was doing greater than 3.7 before.

Let's see if we get a better output with

3.7 that's less confused and messed up.

What's funny is, like, I usually wouldn't want to swipe this directly.

So, again, I told you about the other style. You saw how it worked

with financial yesterday. I thought it would just work for mightily,

and it should've. But it's not.

But, again, I'm not really sure what's going on here. So,

I want to test 3.7, but then I can show you other ways to

do the swiping. But then, it's kind of conflating things,

which is what we want it to do, actually, to make it more original.

But I still want to show you what this looks like, and I'm annoyed,

so I'm troubleshooting on it now. So,

let's See ya. Let's

see if it still screws it up or not. My cause is having a

bad day, and it's a bad day for me to film.

So,

this is gonna be swiping mightily much more directly.

Now, it's got Blaine Schilling, but it kind of makes sense.

If you've You go back to the mightilying swipe,

or the script for it. I'll pull that up while it's doing this.

So,

mightilying script, right? Hey, let's just look at this for a second.

Hey, research scientist Andrew Lambert here,

and these everyday women and men are about to discover a bizarre purple peel

exploit backed by breakthrough studies from Harvard and Yale.

It takes just six seconds to do, turbocharging metabolism,

and easily and rapidly liquefying in just a few inches of deep stubborn fat.

Yet, yes, it may sound impossible,

but keep watching as in the next three minutes, we'll not only check back

in with them after just weeks of putting this natural safe calorie burning hack

to the test, and you'll be amazed when you see their surprising 36 pounds,

24 pounds, and even 57 pounds fat loss results,

but I'll show you step by step how to do it, right, all that.

So, why did I bring that up? Because it's going to be very similar,

right? Hi, research scientist Dr.

Blaine Schilling here, and these everyday women you see are about to discover a

bizarre structural renewal exploit,

because it's really trying to make it close to methylene,

backed by breakthrough studies from Harvard and Yale. It takes just six seconds to

do, rejuvenating your eye area and easily reducing the appearance of stubborn crow's feet,

dark circles, and under-eye bags. Yes,

it may sound impossible, but keep watching as in the next three minutes,

we'll not only check back in with them after just weeks of putting this

natural, safe, collagen-rebuilding hack to the test,

and you'll be amazed when you see their surprising 39% wrinkle reduction,

brighter under-eyes, and even complete transformation of their entire eye area.

But I'll show you step-by-step how to do it for yourself at home right

now. I guarantee you've never seen or tried anything like this strange structural renewal

exploit before in your life. It's got nothing to do with useless injections,

painful procedures, or harmful chemicals. It's so oddly simple,

it takes just six seconds to do, but it's so powerful, it rebuilds the

collagen architecture in your eye area like a master weaver repairing damaged fabric.

And the more you do this exploit, the more your eye area rejuvenates,

supporting youthful skin structure, reducing the appearance of dark circles,

and quickly changing the lives of 5,832 mothers,

grandmothers, and professionals, going against everything you've ever heard about how to treat aging

eyes. There's testimonials that it's adding in,

the exact same amount as myeline, right?

So, as

you can see, in a case like this,

swiping it really directly, now, that's not necessarily a bad thing,

like I said before, if you were trying,

if it was already your VSL, and you're trying to just do your VSL

for, if your structure really worked, and you wanted to do the exact same

thing for a new product category, a new niche,

then that's like, you might want to really swipe yourself heavily.

Of course, it's so heavy that things like,

uh, structural renewal exploit, may not be what we want.

Now, of course, we could do the three-step skin-unifying

system that rebuilds your eye area from the inside out.

There's the College of Architecture Discovery. I might do this.

This one, right? So I say,

okay, great, uhm,

let's go with,

or, you know, three-step skin-unifying therapy. system

instead of structural renewal exploit,

right? And I mean, I don't even really want to waste a problem doing

it. Oh,

what the hell, let's do

system, back by breakthrough, right, does this stuff. Notice anything like this,

you know,

strange three-step

skin-unifying system before real life, okay? So you could make little tweaks to this

pretty easily. Hey, like, I want it to come from Laura instead of Dr.

Schilling, and let's just say that she's showing them a bunch of before and

afters, right? You could do something like this,

and then over time it becomes less of,

like, the exact copy-paste swipe, and it could be pretty good,

right? So,

don't completely knock the swiping of it. And let's note what we did here,

we did at 3.7,

which was not my, I mean,

3.7 is fine, this is how I would do it in the real world

if I was really trying to swipe something.

So I think I'm like, alright, I guess I gotta go switch to 3.7,

so it's kind of good to see it. If

I was gonna do What I want to test is really,

like, a medium-length VSL, but I'll still do a long-form one so we can

see it. But let's do it. Differently now, okay?

This time we're gonna give it the brief again.

Here's the brief for a new product

and brand to write a new long-form

VSL that is about 27

minutes in length.

Please outline,

uh, say, please, uh, an outline for this new VSL that I can look

at, and once approved,

I'll have you write it. Let's try Sonnet

again. Why aren't you using Opus?

I don't know, cause, This is probably going to take longer.

It'd be slower. I don't think I need it. I've,

other people have mentioned liking Sonnet more than Opus. If,

by the way, if this sucks, I can still go back to 3.7. But

let's try Sonnet, and let's see.

And again, I'm curious, we were using Sonnet this whole time with Quad,

and it was fine, so it could be that Sonnet's just a little wonky

today. Let's find out.

So,

I have

a piece of feedback for it, okay? I'll tell you about it in a

minute. Well, I'll tell you right now. I'm gonna make a note, okay? So,

I think this is good, but we also want to promise that

we're not a

solution, something that's going to their

eye area.

equals, find lines, enclose feet,

except it should

of what life is going to look like for them once they've learned about

the solution, once they've discovered this solution

and used it for themselves. Uhm,

let's

look at this here. Okay. You wake up,

look in the mirror, don't recognize the tired aged face on your back. Lines

that weren't there last week. Stories of a woman spending thousands on failed

solutions. You feel 25 inside but look 15 years older.

Photos is good. Try a product after product.

Reduce Laura. See,

well, how's it gonna get us to 28 minutes here? So that's like,

four and a half minutes speaker is fine.

So this is where, going back to the classic VSL structure,

I could put the classic structure, I could,

what could I do? I could share my classic structure with them.

But

I'll give you feedback first, okay? I also don't

think we want to do

too much about Laura's,

okay, I'm gonna talk about Dr.

Schilling in the speaker credibility

section, unless it's teasing that she,

uh, a, you know, an anti-doctor revealed

something shocking,

and we don't want to talk about that.

Hopeful beauty until much later either,

and we get to the end

of the product build up and reveal what

I'm going to do, share my classic DSL

structure with you.

Please check this out for a general idea

of how the DSL will flow,

and then modify your outline accordingly,

and still based off information in the brief.

So now we're going to do that.

Sorry, I got my, classic outline again. Sorry,

I'm pulling it up,

give me a

second here. So,

I wouldn't always do this, but I want to make sure it gets it

right. I might, you know, I would experiment with putting it in the cloud

projects too. Well, let's see what happens when I do this, right?

Period

lead, micro lead. If you're a woman over 35 who's been shocked by the

sudden appearance of crow's feet, under eye wrinkles, or dark circles that make you

look exhausted even when you're well rested, and you've tried expensive eye creams,

department store miracles, even professional treatments but nothing seems to work,

the one I'm about to reveal will be the most important breakthrough you'll ever

discover for transforming your eye area and getting back the youthful,

confident look you deserve. Call it The Problem.

The devastating moment when you look in the mirror and don't recognize yourself. Problem,

solution, transformation. Paint the picture. Imagine waking up with bright,

rested eyes that match how you feel inside, being confident enough to go makeup-free,

receiving compliments about looking refreshed and youthful. Tease the emotional discovery story.

I'm going to share the heartbreaking story of how a busy Florida mom discovered

the real reason why every eye cream had failed her.

I'm going discover the shocking scientific truth about what's really happening at the cellular

level that causes your eyes to age faster than the rest of your face

and why everything you've been told about college and loss is missing the most

critical piece of the puzzle. Why 97% of eye creams fail.

The hidden breakdown happening at a microscopic level that other product addresses while spending

more money often makes the problem worse. Brief credibility.

Backed by breakthrough research endorsed by a leading anti-aging physician.

Works for women over 35 who are tired of wasting money.

Address skepticism. I know this might sound too good to be true.

Quick mentions of women's teen results. That's right.

Laura is a busy mom. Her devastating realization at age 37.

Look in the mirror and see in crow's feet, dark circles,

skin that has lost its snap. I might change the age of this a

little bit. Traditional solutions failed.

Really, she was like losing her confidence. She looked for answers.

There's like your UMP.

So overall,

The one thing I want to ask it about now is

like having her connect with Dr.

Schilling, right? It's

pretty good. The one thing I want to be

explicit about, I'm saying I want to make

sure, incorporate,

I can't spell.

How her search for

truth, uhm,

led her to meet Dr.

Schilling. He is the one who reveals

UMP We can say, it was referred to her by

a friend. Dr. Schilling doesn't need to have a speaking

Bolton's BSL, instead it can be Laura recounting

what he told her about the UMP and UMS. I'm going to share

that so it modifies it.

One

thing I might do while it's modifying it here,

is I might just save the outline

that it gave me, because why not?

And also, when I get this outline,

what I can also do is,

I could generate several outlines,

right, that are different structures and things, and write several different VSLs,

go through them, and decide which one I like most.

VSL training part, right, so,

it's sort of like you're copy-cheaping the ideas in the plan,

and then you'll get a chance to copy-cheap the final copy as well.

And what am I really copy-cheaping here? It's just making sure that it kind

of follows the structure I want. It's kind of thinking holistically,

right? Like, this is, I think. It's important. It's easier for me having more

skill. It might be harder for someone who's early on in their kind of

copywriting and direct response journey.

But it's like, pulling back and just sort of trying to think through the

flow logically. When you have this outline, and you're going through it,

you're like, okay, this all makes a lot of sense. But there's a part

that doesn't make sense, or a part that you're like, oh, well, like,

again, we've got Dr. Schilling here.

I want to make sure that, say, Laura gets connected to Dr.

Schilling. Let's just say that a friend introduced her to him for now,

right? Like, kind of true. I mean,

I introduced her to him, sort of.

And so, you know,

using that's cool. Like, we could, you know, for this example,

we could use that, Um,

the guy's in a ton of VSLs. He's like a kind of like an

endorsement machine.

So I don't, you know, we might not use him long term.

Anyway, but for now, it's fine, right? We have him,

we paid him earlier on to kind of like review our stuff and be

a spokesperson. So it works. Um,

you know, the unique mechanism, again, it was the same thing. Hey, you know,

this is pretty good. But here's like,

you know, an issue with it, right? Things like that.

So it's really just take the exam, take the time to read through it

and make your little tweaks here. And it should be a lot better.

By the time you go to actually write it out.

So I'm going to take the outline. And by the way,

is this the best outline for the VSL?

I don't know. Maybe,

maybe not, but for right now,

let's

go ahead and copy-paste it in.

Okay. iSerum 27-minute

VSL outline number Right?

Okay, cool. We'll save it.

Should be Sorry,

you have to

watch me do

all this, but, Move

that into here, okay? This is also how I'll pull,

because what I could do now, I'll show you,

actually. Let me do two things.

I'll come back to what I want to show you, okay? Say, great,

please go ahead and start writing the DSL now.

While

it's doing that, here's what I'm going to do.

I've got my outline, I'm going to download this as a PDF too,

okay? Bing, bom, boom,

bang.

What I could be doing for funsies,

I can go over to, let's say, Poe. Let's say,

we'll try Gemini 2.5 and see what happens. I'm sick.

Let's say we're going to write a new VSL

for a skincare brand. It's direct response,

going to be 27 minutes long and length,

roughly. I'm attaching the brief and

also the outline of how I want it to go.

Please start writing

VSL right now. Uhm,

if you need to do this over multiple outputs,

that's fine. Whenever you run out of room,

simply let me know and I'll prompt you to continue.

Let me save this prompt. Okay,

why is this good? What if quads being weird? What if quads down?

What if there's, uhm, so what if, you know, what if, like, quads need

outputs for some reason, right? Uhm,

so I'm making a note over this. I know you can't see it when

you have outline and brief.

Okay, uhm,

so let's try, right? Give me a second. Okay,

I could have done this in Gemini proper as well, but let's try in

quad. And by the way, guess what? If,

or in pro, if Gemini 2.5 is weird, I could try in chat GPT.

I could try with quad opus. I could try with quad 3.7,

right? That's what's kind of crazy and why I talked about this before,

you need to be kind of multi-modal. Let's just see what happens.

We'll start this here.

We'll come back to it. It's

kind of exactly what I just said. Okay, quad's being weird.

I'm guessing it wrote it and it's just doing this for some reason.

Let's hit refresh. Nope,

apparently it didn't. Okay, let's try that again.

Alright,

while that's writing, I'll come back over to Poe.

I

mean, this copy is already looking very good, right?

Let's see.

I mean, it's almost like, which one do you look at first, and how

similar are they? So,

let's see. Quad's still going. Let's look through the quad version first,

and look at Gemini. Okay.

If you're a woman over 35, who's been shocked by the sudden appearance of

crow's feet, under-eye wrinkles, or dark circles that make you look exhausted,

even when you're well-rested, and you've tried expensive eye creams,

department store miracles, even professional treatments, but nothing seems to work,

then what I'm about to reveal will be the most important breakthrough you'll ever

discover for transforming your eye area, and getting back the youthful,

confident look you deserve. My name is Laura,

and I'm about to share something with you that's going to change everything you

think you know about why your eye creams have failed you. You know that

devastating moment when you look in the mirror and don't recognize the tired,

aged face staring back at you? When you see crow's feet that weren't there

just moments ago, dark circles that make you look like you haven't slept in

years, and skin around your eyes that's lost that firm,

youthful snap you once took for granted? I know exactly how that feels,

because I lived it. If you're watching this right now, chances are you're living

it too. Like, here's what I want you to imagine for just a moment.

Picture waking up tomorrow morning and looking in the mirror to see bright,

rested eyes that actually match how vibrant you feel inside.

Imagine being confident enough to go completely makeup-free,

or using just a tiny dab of concealer instead of layers and layers trying

to hide the damage. Picture receiving genuine compliments from friends,

saying, you look so refreshed. Did you get a good night's sleep?

Or you're glowing, what's your secret? Imagine feeling like yourself again when you look

in photos. Instead of cringing in front wondering when you started looking so old.

What I'm about to share with you is the heartbreaking story of how a

busy Florida mom, me, discovered the real reason why every single eye cream had

failed her, and how a chance meeting with a leading anti-aging physician revealed the

shocking scientific truth that the cosmetic industry doesn't want you to know.

You'll discover what's really happening at the cellular level that's causing your eyes to

age faster than the rest of your face, and why everything you've been told

about college and loss is missing the most critical piece of the puzzle.

I'm going to reveal why 97% of eye creams fail,

and it's not what you think. You'll learn about the hidden breakdown happening at

a microscopic level that no other product addresses,

and why spending more money on premium eye creams often makes the problem worse,

not better. What I learned from this anti-aging physician,

with over 30 years of experience, changed everything.

His revelation was so profound, so different from anything I'd heard,

that I knew I had to share it with every woman who's been through

the same frustration I experienced. This breakthrough worked specifically for women over 35,

from the we're tired of wasting money on products that promise the road,

but deliver nothing but disappointment. Now, I know this might sound too good to

be true, especially if you've been disappointed before. Trust me,

I was the biggest skeptic of all after spending thousands of dollars and getting

nowhere. But when a woman like Carol, a 51-year-old from Texas,

tells me that, see, you shouldn't name the product here,

right, because it's a VSL, that's okay. That I'm sorry to say that this

is the holy grail of eye care, and she looks 10 years younger,

when Elizabeth 62 says her esthetician was amazed at how useful her eye area

looks after just four months, when Patricia, 54,

tells me her eyes couldn't be happier, and she actually looks forward to applying

this every morning and night. So I wouldn't say this,

I would say she actually looks forward to using this breakthrough every morning and

night. Because, again, I'll tell you why in a minute. I know this wasn't

just know this false hope.

This was a real breakthrough I've been searching for. So if you're ready to

finally understand why nothing has worked for you before,

and discover the one approach that actually targets the root cause of eye aging,

then please watch every step of this presentation.

Because what you're about to learn will change everything. Okay,

so let me share with you, on the copy editing side,

if I was going to use this version. And I'm not sure yet,

because I want to look at the Gemini version. I

would UD eye serum, or applying this every morning and night.

Applying this even, is like, now,

if I'm a woman, watching it, I'm like, oh, it's a skin cream,

right? It's a physical product you're going to sell

me. If I say using this breakthrough, then I'm like,

well, what is it? Is it a skin cream? Is it a this?

Let's go back to that curiosity aspect. Right?

So I'm like, what, what is it?

Like, I'm curious. And that's actually really important for,

especially long form,

because again, with long form, we're really educating.

We're selling them. We're doing curiosity. We're educating them.

And we're not getting to like a product and selling them until much later.

I'm pretty sure I talked about in the VSL trainings that you're watching.

You watch before. Okay. So that's why I wouldn't have these things here.

Another thing I don't like about this copy is

when it says, you know, that devastating moment when you look in the mirror

and don't recognize the tired aged face staring back at you.

When you see this ball, I know how you feel,

how it feels because I lived it. You're probably living it too.

Okay. It's not bad. What I don't like about it.

Or what I'm curious about with it is,

does it assume too much? Does it put a viewer on the defensive?

Meaning, am I the viewer,

if I'm a woman in that, you know, range and part of the demo,

am I thinking, hey b****,

like why are you saying all this about me, right?

So I don't And I did more when I looked at the Gemini version.

Overall, it's good. I can definitely work with this.

And again, if you go back to the lead, this is actually a fine

lead to test. It's pretty good.

But we'll always be testing other leads and little opening hooks,

things like that anyway, okay? So now I'll look at the Gemini one,

give me just a minute. Alright,

I'm a little concerned, my computer is shut off to sleep by the way,

so I think it switched to this other screen. I'm a little concerned about

that, so I'm going to restart this video up again

for part 2 to continue on.

Um, thus far we've looked through,

we went through the lead, uh,

in Claude, and now we're going to look at it in Gemini and continue

on with the next part.