Hello, hello. Alright, so, real quick in this video,

we're going to just be doing a quick mid-course recap,

you know. I figured this is helpful because we've gone through a

lot of content at this point, and it's hard

to give you the perfect flow in a course that's going to

be this big and this complex. So I wanted to, like, zoom out and

kind of quickly review what we have covered

so far, and then simplify it a little bit for you,

hopefully, as well, okay? And I would call this sort of a mid-course recap.

So what we've covered so far, you know,

we had the overview of COPY and how it's applied in 2025,

kind of the intro, module,

and the journey. Uh, from A to B,

from prospect to customer, platform-specific COPY,

fundamentals of DR COPY. Kind of told you what to expect and how this

was organized, and so some of what I'm saying here might be repeated in

that video, too, but that's fine.

We went through deep research, which really had,

like, three to four steps,

right? Wait, we did, I'm gonna change this actually to say.

Product and market awareness,

right, to think about what stage of awareness our prospect was at,

because that's gonna tailor our messaging, COPY,

things of that nature, and by the way, this will be important not just

for VSLs, which is what we've gone through thus far,

uhm,

right, everything from long, medium, mid,

whatever you wanna call these, short VSLs, uhm,

But also,

all the ads, everything else we're doing, right, it's,

essentially, we, we did the product market awareness stuff,

competitor research, psychographic research, and used it to create a unified research document,

which had a summary of these points, we also went through ingredient research,

we moved on to unique mechanisms,

we had an overview of that, we talked about how to do UM ideations,

with LLMs, it really is a good prompt,

I did it yesterday for something I'm doing as a side project for,

uh, a CA pro member, who hired me to do,

like, a VSL, and, uhm,

I got, like, several really good mechanisms,

including one that just was,

like, instantly my favorite, and then I ran it through the

different LLMs, along with a couple other really good options,

and they all picked the one that I thought was the best,

and, like, perfect, great confirmation, uhm,

let's go with that, expanded it in Quad, using the Quad project setup,

right? This is sort of,

like, almost an intermezzo here, this VSL part one,

understanding structures, elements, and so on. I did this here,

because I thought it was important for you to understand,

okay, what What does VSL copy look like? What are the parts for the

pieces? So this included some older trainings,

and by older, like, you know, whatever, six months ago,

uh, on just,

like, what the VSL structure is, long-form,

medium-form, and I created some new stuff, right, for short-form,

uhm,

talked about, you know, there's specific VSL examples in there,

right, like, where it was, like, uh,

here's a couple breakdowns of medium-form VSLs of,

you know, three-to-seven-minute ones,

or short ones, all that. Uh, we had,

you know, trainings on hooks, the ADHD hook kind of video ads,

which are, like, really that three-to-seven-minute VSL range,

but they're kind of different, uhm,

and I could have put it somewhere else, but I felt like it was

worthwhile to put it here, uh,

and a quick thing on in-feed versus on-page VSLs.

Then we moved on to Briefs 2.0. It's funny,

because this has, like, the fewest bullets,

maybe, or I guess it's, like, one of the shorter things,

the bullets, in addition to Copy Part 2,

but this is essential, essential for RMBC 2.0,

so if you didn't go through this section for some reason, and you're watching

this, you, honestly,

you really need to go through all of these things, at least parts of

them, right? Uhm,

cause this is really, really how we have the document we need to do

everything. Uhm,

and then, we went through actual PSL copy,

right? Part 2, let's call it.

I wanted to say it like this, so it's consistent. So,

basically, this was passive. It was, like,

you know, I guess there's a little bit of, like, quad projects for the

ADHD hook stuff and hooks to whatever. Hook generator thing,

all that. So, it's like, but mostly passive.

Understanding the theory, structure, things like that.

Uhm, and then we got to copy part 2.

That's, like, actually doing it. So, set up the quad projects for different length

VSLs. Uh,

VSL creation, walkthrough and examples.

And, really, it could do it. That's not its own point.

Uh, but, you know, we did it for,

Some of the long form ones. I did,

in the brief part, as you saw, kind of create some VSLs in there

as well, but, like, that financial one, uh,

However, we did, UDI serum,

we did the blood sugar one, we did the Airbnb arbitrage one.

And, same thing for medium. And, for medium,

I did, Blood sugar,

Unity, I think,

also Unity. Also Airbnb arbitrage. Three or so minutes,

I just did two of them, I think it was blood sugar and Unity.

And then, short, there was all four of them.

And then, you also saw, again,

things on how to generate hooks, I can include the conversation links.

So, you should have a pretty good overview, so if we zoom out even

more, like,

the steps were like,

So,

I'm wondering about what I have here, right? Sort of,

I'm gonna do it like this,

I think. You know what,

I want it to be, Bold or something,

let's make it, Trying to figure out how to do some colors

so it doesn't get too, Not that color,

that color's terrible. So

really, it's like, research, You start off with research,

your ultimate output is a unified research document,

right? Mechanism, you do these things,

your ultimate output is,

You've selected a unique mechanism, and you have a document,

uh, within that with it, and it's an expanded copy format.

Is that the same color green?

Nope. Okay,

for the brief, you have the process,

your output is you've got this expanded brief 2.0 with everything

you need and the VSL copy.

No,

of course I don't have that. Let me put that there.

It's like, uh,

finished VSL with multiple leads hooks.

I'm going to

explain a little more context even in a moment for

this. Alright, yeah,

VSL copy, do all this stuff right here.

The one, you know, important thing to note,

and I think one of the most important takeaways so far,

should be to keep in mind and remember how it's

not just a static process.

It's not just a one-way, you put stuff in,

you get outputs, you're good. One of the biggest parts of it is the

feedback. So the VSL examples are really helpful.

I would really watch, like, all of them because each one is different.

I know that's a long time, a lot of copy,

or a lot of watching, but I think it's pretty valuable,

especially starting with the long form because that's usually the foundational ones,

but I would watch all of them because you'll see some cases where it's

like Claude stopped working,

so I switched and used Gemini. You'll see some cases,

like the blood sugar one, really important,

where that long form example, I got to it,

and we had, like,

a doctor-specific VSL version we'd done before,

like, a kind of more hero's journey,

everyday spokesperson one. We decided to do the doctor one,

but then it was like, hey, we don't really have, like, a big idea.

Or a hook. So we ideated with Claude,

in the project, to get the big idea and hook,

brought it to the brief, it did the brief, it was pretty good,

okay, we wrote it, the ingredient section was really weak,

we're like, okay, this isn't strong enough for the ingredients,

we expanded upon it, like,

that's, those are important elements,

there's also things with all these examples where I go,

I basically copy-chief it in the Claude project in real time.

You saw me do that in the thinking and explaining why I'm doing it,

uh, to make everything stronger.

Same thing with, on the short ones especially,

because really they're short, a lot of it can stay the same,

but it's really about the hooks and big ideas. So you saw hook generation,

uh, for Airbnb arbitrage,

and for the financial side, which was interesting because for that one,

the perplexity process didn't work super well,

but then we figured out a different way to do it,

right? So, it's really good to watch all of this,

you should feel pretty confident, and like I've been saying throughout this whole thing,

you know, you should feel like a scientist and an experimenter and somebody who's

going to try their own things.

Now, that doesn't mean you need to mess up all my projects, or processes

necessarily, but it really means communicating

with projects, like, sorry,

with Claude or with the LLMs, giving feedback,

you know, trying different things, hey,

let's see what happens if we do it this way, and then using your

best to use judgment and the compass you have to help yourself

from getting completely overwhelmed is to remember.

Remember that, honestly, if you actually are following these processes closely,

then in general the copy

that you get is going to be better than what 99% of copywriters would

write on the road,

even experienced ones, even people who post

on Twitter and other places.

Facebook and act like they're experts. I've seen their copy often it's

like mid to like really bad.

Sometimes good, too. I'm not trying to talk shit about all copywriters.

It's just like

very inconsistent, basic things get missed. I mean, there's very few. People ask me

to recommend, you

know, really high-end copywriters, and to be honest with you, I, it's like, Mario

Castelli, but he's really hard to hire him. Luke Millis doesn't really write copy

anymore. Dan Ferrari is great,

but hard to get. I don't know if Chris Z'Dodd,

I stopped following him on Facebook because I couldn't handle all the political stuff.

I still like Chris as a person, so if he watches this,

no shade. I mean,

he's a great copywriter, I don't know if he still writes anything. Uhm,

you know, Chris Wright used to be a good copywriter, I haven't seen anything

he writes. I'm sure he's still good, I just don't know if he writes

copy regularly. And I'm not plugged

into that world, I don't work with, like, freelance copywriters really anymore.

Uh, Jason Strachan's pretty good,

uhm.

I don't want somebody to feel left out that I didn't mention them, but

the point is, it's like, Steve Earle's really good,

but he's not available to,

Usually. You know, there's like a handful of people.

Kate Vidalucci's written some really great copy over the years,

I don't know what she's doing today.

The point is, there's like a handful of people,

and then, you know, it's really the people who are consistently gonna write great

copy every single time, is,

You know, maybe the people I just mentioned, but even some of them,

I don't want to say that to them. People fall off,

probably they are, you know. So,

I mean, it's almost impossible for me to recommend copywriters.

But this process, what you write will be better than pretty much anybody.

And as good as, well, some of the people I just mentioned are gonna

write on most of their days. You know, Dan,

Mario, Luke doesn't really write anymore,

but, like, you know, they're,

they're, they're gonna beat you still.

But it's, like, a handful of people, okay?

So, keep that in mind if you start getting overwhelmed.

It's like, don't worry about it, like, accept what you've got.

Obviously, if you're a business owner, you can join CA Pro,

and then I'll look at your copy and help you modify it even more.

But we zoom out even more, and then now you've got RMBC,

right? You've done research, mechanism, brief, copy.

So, where do we go from here? Well, we're gonna move into, like,

advertorials, PDPs. I'm wondering here because I'm gonna do something about, sort of, like,

the, uhm,

I'm gonna put it here for now. I don't know if this is where

I want it, or if I want it in after ads, but basically,

like, funnel structure, which is sort of like, how do you know what length

copy to use, which assets to deploy,

all of that. And the reason I'm,

like, I might put before ads is because you're basically always gonna have an

ad in front of a funnel, the funnel.

So I think I'll probably get away with putting this here,

maybe I'll put it after ads. Ads, which obviously includes different formats,

like native, Google, meta, uhm, and and whatnot.

You know, we'll go through upsells, which frankly isn't gonna be overly complicated for

now. It's really, like, cloud projects and putting some different upsells in.

Uh, you know, we'll talk about emails, like,

retention and, you know, different types,

like, retention, sales, new customers,

campaign sequences, stuff on additional,

copy on additional platforms, and other bonuses,

okay? And, you know, you'll be able to look through the final course to

see all this stuff, but that's where we're going.

Uhm, but this is where we are.

So, again, I wanted to zoom out, because ultimately, like, the process,

there's a lot of stuff depending on how you've gone through it. So,

just sort of zooming back out, it's, like, create a unified research document,

create, you know, Dock with your unique bank account

to submit an expanded copy format.

Create expanded proof 2.0,

and create finished VSL, or VSLs with multiple leads and hooks, right?

And keep in mind, again, when we say VSLs here,

unlike with RMBC1, we're also talking about 2-minute VSLs that are really just,

like, meta ads, it's really hard, the line blurs,

right? Just,

great outputs there, got your RMBC.

So we'll continue on from here, but wanted to just share that and kind

of tie it all together for you, and I'll see you in the,

uh, advertorial section.