Hey, what is up everybody?

All right, so today we're going to be talking about briefs.

If you think of RMBC,

Research Mechanism Brief Copy,

we've gone through research and we've gone through the mechanism,

or hopefully you have, now we're moving on to the brief.

This is imperative for writing really good copy,

especially any kind of

like VSL, and not just the long form,

it's especially, especially imperative for long form,

but also imperative for medium form and very useful for short form as well.

And frankly, can also be used for PDPs,

advertorials, and other things,

in addition to that. So,

when I say all that, I'm actually not talking about this stuff.

I am talking about this document and I'm talking about our

good old friend at Quad here,

and what it can do.

So. I'ma show you a bunch of cool stuff here.

This will set up everything. It'll tie together what we did so far.

It will also give you a whiz. What you need to just print all

kinds of copy. So this is extremely important.

Do not skip it. I feel like an RMBC one.

The brief was also very important. The people who didn't do long form copy

kind of skipped over it. Uh, I feel like sometimes I would underappreciate it.

It's really helpful. So the original brief from the original RMBC was

really about getting the information onto a piece of paper.

That you, a human, would need to write the copy

that you're going to write. Especially long form,

but could also be, you know, medium form,

whatever. Okay? And so it asks you questions that you would need to answer

in order to write that copy. The new brief,

which we're going to go over shortly, does the same thing.

As you can see, it's more in depth, but the huge difference.

The difference is you won't be filling out a lot of it,

first of all. Um,

and you're doing it to give to an LLM to write copy.

Now, you could still use this to write copy yourself.

If you're watching this and you're feeling resistant,

you go through the whole thing, you say it's great, but I don't like

AI copy fine with you.

I, uh, personally cannot understand,

but, more power to you, okay? This is more questions,

but we'll quickly review the classic brief.

Most of these questions are still on this one,

so I'm gonna be very, be very quick here. It was just stuff like,

you know, who's the audience? Who's the target market you're speaking to?

What are their big pain points, but they're, you know, or fears,

but really like, you know, being broke,

not having enough money, like, being overweight,

having blood sugar, having low energy,

not feeling confident, not getting women,

not getting men, like whatever it was, right? And you can't,

with your short term and long term, we're sort of the more dimensionalized version

of this. So I mean, by dimensionalized would be,

you know, ending

up alone for the rest of your life and your mother was right that

you're really a disappointment. And this is another Saturday night,

you're staring at the, at your phone,

on the couch by yourself, and that foot's on, I guess it's gonna,

you know, I'm gonna be all alone again,

right? Um,

you know, that's, cause if I don't get a girlfriend now, right?

Like, alright, I'll start making money,

or whatever it is, right? And so that was more long term.

And then we got to like the big promise. So by reversing the pain

points. Biggest fears. What's the big promise that they're gonna get from interacting

with the copy? So this was different than a promise

around, um.

Like, the product itself was more like why,

you know, you're gonna discover a breakthrough solution that can help lower blood sugar,

help you burn fat, that can, uh, an easy point.

I'll see you in place system that can help you to bring in more

income, all those sorts of things,

right? Umm,

keep reading. Alright,

what solutions for the readers' problem or problems exist already?

Why aren't they working? We talked about this in the research section as well.

And then this part is really just what's the unique mechanism?

Mechanism of solution, mechanism of the problem, things like that.

Um, and we would write it out in kind of copy format so that

when we went to do a sales letter or do any kind of sales

copy we were explaining the mechanism, we already kind of had it.

We didn't have to try to think of how to present it. When we

were in copy, we already thought of how to present it. A practical question

I'm going to kind of skip really is just about curiosity but it's not

like a crucial thing.

It can be valuable,

but, yeah. Metaphors,

you know, I'm also going to kind of skip over.

I mean, you know, hopefully you know what a metaphor is. You can look

it up not. The thing is AI is quite good at metaphors these days

so we don't really need, uh,

to come up with metaphors as much. If you have a great one, you

know, cool. But we're not going to use this preform, just sort of giving

you the overview because again, these will be on this one too.

And this is about what they're going to get from using the product.

Hey, when you use the product, you're going to have, you know, start,

you know, during $500 to $800 a month of extra income.

You're going to start burning fat, you know, around the clock,

feel sexier and cough, more confident, yada,

yada. You know, whatever it is, like, this is what's going to happen with

the product, right? What is the product,

right? Well, here is where you're writing out specifically,

like, the product. If it, like, the features and benefits of it,

or, like, the physical attributes of it, if it's an informational product,

sometimes you do fascinations, which I'll include a module on,

but basically, they're curiosity bullets,

like, so, you know, inside the book,

you'll discover why the one thing you should never say to a police officer

if you want to get out of a ticket, like, five words to never

say to, uh,

beautiful woman at, the bar,

if you want to get her number, or the handsome guy at the bar,

whatever, right? Try not. Keep it for everyone.

But, umm, you know,

but you'll be doing those fascinations, right,

to sell the product.

In this case, it's like, oh, these are, you're almost after they're part of

the book, right? Because they're answering these questions inside the book,

or the package, whatever. If it's a coaching program,

you would, Each of those is a coaching program, all of that,

okay? Background story,

story of discovery, it's like that classic hero's journey.

I know you're, why are you going through this if this isn't a brief

reason? It's because they're all on this brief anyway.

And, I don't know, I just feel like doing it. So,

I won't repeat myself when I go through here. But like,

you know, somebody, uh,

like, we talked about the sales letter,

or I guess actually the next section. Bye. You'll see it in the sales

letter outline. But hey, somebody like me,

umm, somebody like me or somebody like close to me or somebody I know

was like in pain starting with this pain point, they,

you know, went on a journey and found the solution. Um,

so it could be like, just like, you know, a person,

like a exhausted mom finds like a energy solution,

or a doctor sees patients and realizes they're all starting with this pain point

and tries to figure out. What the real cause of the pain point is,

or, uh, guys working in nine to five and,

you know, feeling the stress from the bills and decides to quit and start

like a dropshipping thing, whatever it is, right? That's sort of like the story.

And then they discover the solution. Like, it's like, what is it?

Um,

and we have headline ideas, potential upsells.

You don't need to stress too much on that. Um,

because, We'll worry about that later. Alright,

so that is the classic brief.

Now look at the new brief. I already can't have you explain it.

You're a little crying, sorry. I've got a newborn and she's a little fussy

and, uh, you know, what are you gonna do? That's why I just pause

to go look at her. I pause a lot for quite some reason why

there's my seven-year-old coming. It's funny. The original RPC,

I guess I had my, uh, my seven-year-old,

but she was pretty young at the time. I'm, Like,

a year, year and a half old. Something like that.

And, um, I think I had this dog that I have now. Loves to

sit on my lap. Oh, constantly. We sinned the dog.

Uh, but, you know, that's cool.

Life changes. And some of you who had one now, you're here continuing on

the journey with me. Alright, so I think the, the new brief, like, who's

the audience? Like, we're still, uh, looking at the

pain points. Reversing the pain points. So, same thing I just mentioned. Um,

these things here, there's a couple in the other brief,

but they're really instructions for the LLM as much as for you,

right? These are promises what they'll get from interacts with the sales copy or

for teasing solution you'll be showing them in the sales copy.

Okay, what does it look like when a process pain points have been solved?

So, we include physical. Emotional and social and psychological benefit.

So, this is sort of our future pacing.

I actually have the question twice. I don't know if I need it twice,

but I have it in here twice, sort of. But really,

this is like, once your blood sugar levels are lower,

once you're making more income, once you're feeling more competent,

once you have a girlfriend or boyfriend,

like, what does it look like? Once you start,

you know, burn fat and get- I'm. But muscle,

like, what's the physical transformation?

It's like emotional, right? You feel more confident, you feel more proud.

Socially, friends notice and ask you questions,

um, psychological.

It's sort of the same as emotional, like, you feel empowered,

you feel bold, you feel sharper,

uh, you know, the little nagging voice in the back of your head dies.

Right, this is cool. These are things that are- really powerful on copy,

and especially more direct response oriented copy,

is to, like, paint that picture, okay?

Solutions really talked about. And by the way,

I do want to pause here and tell you, as we think about this,

similarly to RMBC-1.

If you think about answering these questions, it's like, well, think about the research

we did. It's like, who's the audience?

Well, we- we did that. We talked about some of their pain points.

We talked about what their hopes and dreams are, so we kind of got

big promises, right? Umm,

this we didn't do too much, but that's okay. But we kind of know

this approach. You'll see how this builds with it. And you don't need to

fill any of this out. This is why I'm going through the questions.

You're not going to really need to fill anything out before you go. In

fact, you shouldn't. This is a- this is not a document that you felt

for scratch unless you really want to, okay? Here's the method.

It doesn't please include enough detail so that when given to an LLM,

you could write this whole section about struggling. Is there anything for the unique

mechanism? This is also for the LLM, right?

This is something that'd be teased early on in the lead of the VSL.

For example, if the seven second bowel releasing ritual,

or the thirty second breakfast hack, or paper flipping,

to tease a real estate arbitrage method, things like that.

For

supplements, what are the main ingredients in the formulation?

Well, let me go back to this, sorry. I've got to remember to kind

of go really slow, for people who aren't referring to her,

right? This is just pretty common.

Inside this video, you're gonna see the seven second bowel releasing ritual that does

XYZ. I honestly might do something where I'm wondering,

you know, I guess I don't need to tell you this because I'm, I

have a bunch of like, uhh, You know, I go through copy structures,

and then I show you examples of it,

and I'm always wondering if I put that before I get to the brief,

so it's like understanding copy, and then it's like writing copy,

doing the brief for copy, so you can't write, preparing to write copy,

writing copy. I might do it that way,

because I feel like I don't, you'll understand more things that I'm talking about

in this video if you did the modules before.

Or I think. I might do it

that way. Okay. For supplements for the main ingredients,

or two to three studies showing efficacy, if you watch the bonus sort of

deep research supplement thing,

you'll know what that's about. Bold product claims.

Okay, what's the huge promise or promises about the results you're going to get

using the product or solution? Note this is different.

From number three, like I said, these are specific- through processes and claims about

how their life will change for the better once they buy the product.

What is the prop? So same thing here. I did change it a little

bit, um,

from the classic brief. Back on the story.

I kind of just give more context for LLM. Classic here was Journey.

Who's the main speaker in the VSL? Includes a quick snapshot of who they

are and their credibility. So,

you know, the main speaker might be, like I said, the tired mom.

It might be a doctor. It might be, uh,

a customer of, like, uh, the brand, right?

Like, uh, who has had success?

Is there a secondary speaker or an expert who has a large role?

A lot of times, you might have a VSL where there's

a main speaker, but then there's an actual, so in a financial offer example,

it might be that there's a narrator, like, is it the interviewer,

and then there's the expert being interviewed.

Um, in some VSLs, you might see where it's an everyday person,

and then they find, like, a doctor, and the doctor has them speaking lines

throughout, right? Um,

so it's good to notate that. Uh,

does the spokesperson partner with a brand or company once they've discovered the prop?

So, a lot of time, in a VSL especially,

um,

the spokesperson, you know,

finds a solution? I appreciate it. The person, or the doctor finds a solution

however it is, and they're like, you know,

then they partner with brand, because brand already had the solution in place,

right? With all the testimonials or social proof,

a testimonials or social proof, if available, so,

testimonials or what it sounds like, include any credibility builders that can be used

in the opening of the sales copy. Um,

so this is this could be references to, say,

about the ingredients, about the UMP, perhaps, however scientists uncover the real cause of

your problem, maybe Tony Robbins endorsed the solution,

maybe the program has been featured in Forbes or Good Morning America,

right? Like, what are credibility builders you can mention?

So, like, the seven second bowel releasing ritual based on breakthrough research from Harvard,

right? Like, a proven mindset, uhh,

proven mental strength technique that, Whoops,

your mindset, and it's so powerful even Tony Robbins shared it with his millions

of followers, right? I mean, you know, hopefully it's true,

but if you have stuff like that, it's good to get this here.

Alright, what is the normal retail price for the product being sold?

So obviously, or maybe not, obviously, but hopefully a lot of VSLs and copy,

it's like, hey, the normal price is $200,

but today only you can get it for, you know,

$49. So what's the actual price?

Okay. It's, well, $49. If the VSL sells a product with multiple options,

what are those options? And what is the pricing for each option? So here,

it's like, um. Kind of exactly what I said, I guess. It's like,

if there's a bundle, right? Like,

hey,

when you get one bottle, it's $49 per bottle.

When you get three bottles, it's $30.

It's $29 per bottle. And when you get six bottles,

it's $29 per bottle, right? When you get the gold package,

it's, you know, uh,

$9.97. But you can get everything in the gold package,

plus all this other stuff in the platinum package for just $12.99 or whatever,

right? Like, you want to know that information.

You want to know what the guarantee is, because there's usually a money-back guarantee.

Hey, if you're not happy, I don't know.

Or any days, simply,

uh, message us,

and let us know, and we'll give you your money-back. Okay,

are there any bonuses, or still list them out? So,

that's when it was going to be important, like,

Any other scarcity elements? So basically,

like, hey, is there an urgency? Is it a limited time deal?

Does the discount expire? At midnight, is it for the first hundred people?

Things of that type?

I've been saying things of that nature a lot later,

trying to not say this often. Okay.

Um, please write specific future pace results and benefits people could expect.

So this is what I've talked about before, kind of like, from that question

back above, where it's sort of like, hey, you're gonna be more confident. You're

gonna be more like, I kinda don't need it twice, but I have it

twice. It's already my little brief project, so I'm keeping it.

What are common objections process might have in watching the VSL,

and how can we answer them? So, we talked about objections a bit through

the research. It's good to bring those up.

Like, oh, well, I've tried supplements before they haven't worked.

Or I've done coaching programs. Well, I'm a backer,

so I won't do a workout program. Okay.

Are there any specific hooks or big ideas that you think should be tested

in the lead of the VSL? Umm.

So, if you have ideas for hooks, we want to record them,

right? Okay. So,

the next thing we're going to do, once you have to play this out,

is really create a brief generator and quad,

where it's going to have, I'm going to make this, uh, the window bigger

anyway.

But basically, it's going to have this brief and outline,

some instructions, and we're going to give it a basic information,

and it's going to pump out the brief. For you.

So, I'm going to do this in a new video, because I need to

stop and help with my newborn. Um,

so, do that video in just a minute. But this is the new brief,

even now gone over it. We'll continue shortly.