Alright, hello again and welcome back.

We're gonna be looking at deep research prompts for figuring out

product market awareness. And by the way, if you see the the glow on

my face, that is the whipped tallow that I talked about earlier.

I had a tennis lesson and then,

um, did my shower and put it on, right?

Crazy difference. Sacred whipped tallow,

Opal Beauty. plug for it right here.

Okay, so, you're probably watching this,

like, right after one after another, so I'm not gonna review,

you know, everything we just went through. Right now I wanna go through a

deep research prompt we can run to assess those

levels of product market awareness, okay?

And in case you're not familiar with deep research, I want you to see

Thank You'll see the prompt in a minute.

I'm showing you on Gemini, but it's still a process.

It's essentially doing all these different steps for me as I do this.

Going through different websites, pulling,

uh, insights here for, like,

total addressable market, gaps,

awareness, uhm.

Deep research is really, Just amazing,

right? So, as we speak,

this is going on in the background, and I basically gave it this prompt.

It says, here's what I'm going to do. I said start research, now it's

doing it. Okay, so what is the prompt?

The prompt is, I want your help evaluating the level of market awareness for

a product in, you know, your niche,

in the blank space, essentially. So,

like, the skincare space,

the make money online space, the real estate space,

the coaching space, whatever it is, right?

The specific product is a blank. Could be,

you'll see examples below, like a mastermind, a whipped tallow

product, injectable NAD, a coaching program,

or, you know, a mastermind for personal branding,

right? Whatever it is. I would like for you to deep dive to help

me understand the current level of market awareness for this product and geography,

right? So, in the U.S., globally, right? Might as well,

it's usually going to ask you, especially with ChatGPT,

um,

where you want to focus. So, you might as well just clear,

uh, you know, get that out of the way here. Optional,

here are more details about the market. So,

it's where you'd be like, you know, it's typically 18 plus women,

35 plus women, professional,

9 to 5 workers, whatever it is,

right? You don't have to always have more details, but that is,

you know, optional. You know, to do this,

we can look at the classic levels of product and market awareness that is

often attributed to Eugene Schwartz, which can be categorized as follows.

This is just a breakdown of what we talked about in the last module,

or the last section. Whatever.

This is important. For the intents of this exercise,

let's not consider product-aware or market-aware, or, uhm, I put market-aware,

I should really say most-aware

to be our specific product and brand, instead let's consider it to be an

awareness about similar and nearly identical products and brands that offer those products.

So essentially what we're saying here is, especially with product-aware,

what I said before, we're saying what I have already said,

which is, you know,

it's not that they're aware of our product, it's just that they're aware that

this category of product exists and they're close to buying.

In order to make this assessment, please utilize a variety of signals including social

media chatter, articles and blog posts, influencer content,

search trends, any available sales data on the product category and its growth,

and so on. Additionally, please provide an overview of the estimated.

Total addressable market for this product.

Please provide a rough estimate of what percentage of the TAM falls into each

category of product market awareness. At the end of your review,

please give me a final selection for which stage of product market awareness the

majority of individuals within the market fall.

So,

then I have, uh, this is the prompt.

For example, we talked about injectable NIH. So,

I'm like, okay, the specific product is injectable NID.

I'd like for you to deep dive, help me understand the current level of

market awareness for the product in the U.S., hear more details,

focus on men and women who are 18 up, as we would not be

offering this to anyone under that age, rest is a prompt,

go ahead, right? I ran it the first time in ChatGPT and in Gemini,

so we'll start with ChatGPT here.

Thank you. And then I'll show

you Gemini,

and I'll be honest with

you, I personally like Gemini more for this prompt,

and frankly, Gemini, the thing is,

if you don't have a Gemini Pro or I have like the premium ultra,

like $200 a month subscription, you don't need that, right? Uhm, you're generally going

to get Thank you. close to the same outputs with Chachabt or

with Gemini, Grock's a little bit worse,

but you can get some good stuff with Grock if you have that,

uhm, Perplexity is fine,

like it really, I won't say it doesn't matter,

but it's not that crucial, cause like I don't let that be some excuse

for not doing this, like oh no, he used, he used Gemini more than

I don't have Gemini and I don't want to pay for it, so go

ahead, don't do it, use Chachabt. And actually same thing here,

I used O3 Pro, but I've done this with just O3,

and I've actually got very good inputs, uhm,

O4 Mini is fine, I actually tend to like O3,

uhm,

actually, well, or O4, but O3 is good,

uhm,

k, so, Market Awareness, k, it's a can give you a lot of information,

more so, it's actually isn't that much compared to Gemini,

but one thing that really

helps with AI and with deep research in general is zooming out and being

like, what am I really trying to find here, like,

it's all really interesting, right, you can read all of it,

like, you know, the global NAD, and I don't know why it always This

is a joke. Plus, you know, uhm,

the global NAD anti-aging market was about $252 million in 2024,

projected to grow to $808 million by 2034,

North America led, here's the overall anti-aging markets,

weren't very big, you know,

NAD, some of us are still a fraction of the space,

so, okay, cool, we can do all that, but really,

I'm just going to find out what I really want to know,

what are, Thank you. The estimated levels, because remember what I said,

I said how we were kind of marking NAD+,

uh, from the context of, like, people who are aware of it,

similar to the tallow, and I'm like,

I realize they probably aren't aware, and if you look at the estimate,

and I'll show you Gemini's as well, Unaware,

25-30% of TAM,

right? A significant minority, of adults are entirely unaware of any problem or need

that NAD addresses. They're not actively concerned with longevity or energy enhancement,

they have no knowledge of NAD, and may not even realize that interventions beyond

general wellness can improve long-term health. And you might go,

no, no way, but it's like, remember, you're not the target market.

Think about the average person, think about the person you see at the grocery

store, Walmart, wherever it is, you know,

Bye At the gas station on a road trip,

people are not as sophisticated as the average direct

response marketer or copywriter or whatever, and it's really important to remember that.

Okay, so, they've got 25-30% of the TAM unaware,

problem aware, likely largest segment,

50-60%, right,

the majority, they recognize problem or desire,

like energy enhancement, energy vitality, appearance, but they're not aware of NAD,

solution aware, it's growing, but it's 10-15%,

right, and then product aware,

even solution aware, isn't like even that,

they're not saying that it's even specifically NAD,

right, injectables are a brand, but they're kind of aware of

novel approaches, things like that, some of them may have heard of NAD,

whatever it was, okay, product aware,

people who are really aware of like NAD or injectable NADs,

like solution aware, solution is like 5%, uhm,

so these are people who are really aware of actual like NAD,

injectable NAD, it's very small,

and then most aware, less than 1%, right,

and so this is what I was saying before, if you come back here,

and we look at the examples, right, like for the,

where we're at,

and like the different places, I talked about the ICERM one here,

realistically,

vast majority of people are here, and so what this really means,

and why it's important, well,

two things, it's gonna be, again, the messaging, you talk to somebody who's over

here, differently than you talk to somebody who's over here, also,

just so you know, say from a copy perspective, and what's needed,

again, you probably need a lot more copy, because you're gonna need to educate

them, most, the vast majority of people or here. Sorry.

Barely anybody is here or here, then,

you gotta do more work, educate them more, take them on the journey more,

to get them to buy, that doesn't mean you have to do this over

weeks or months or whatever, it could all be done in one sales funnel,

right, that's what's so cool about direct response,

but we need to be thinking about who we are speaking to,

right, when we're over here, so,

again, well, blah, blah, blah, I'm like, I don't even read this stuff,

estimate awareness, breakdown, they did it before,

conclusion, prominent awareness stage where we asked for that,

the majority of people are problem aware, that's all I really need,

again, I'm saving, you know, you get a link to this,

whatever, like, it's fine, but like, you don't need to read all this

you can or you can't, right?

Let's

go look at what Gemini did here, and I exported it to a doc,

well, you can just see it, Gemini, I like Gemini more,

again, I'm really impressed with Gemini right now, to be honest with you,

at the time of recording this, and I'll share updates, I just think it's,

it's more in depth, but the formatting's really nice,

I like that it gives you little tables and charts and things,

so, look at that, I'll do it over here though,

so that, I exported it to a doc,

yeah, that's fine, okay,

Gemini will give you more random,

what is NAD+, right, uhm,

here's reported benefits, but it's the same thing,

I'm skimming, because, it's not because I know what to do and you don't

know what to do, it's because I know what we're trying to do,

we're trying to look at the total addressable market and what percentage,

for now right i'm gonna be an expert with the help of AI on

whatever it is I'm selling later and this might help me,

again, you can totally read it, but what I really care about is not

any of this, I care about the TAM,

okay, so some of the overall anti-aging market,

what I really like with Gemini is when you get down here to

these charts, okay, conceptual TAM estimation,

right, US adult population 18+,

actively interested in anti-aging and longevity enhancement,

maybe 30%, that means 78 million, percent interested within segment of high disposable

income for lots of stuff, 15.6 million,

percent within affluent interest aware of NID boosting concepts,

3.9 million, uhm,

willing to consider injectable therapies, so here it's saying basically

585,000 people,

annual market size, potential adopters,

ranges a lot, okay, so what does that mean for us?

Let's go to definitions, so it's estimating

the unaware at 40-50%, what did ChatGPT have it at?

30%, so it's actually putting it a bit higher.

30-35%,

okay. Solution aware,

existing for solutions fatigue, blah, blah, blah,

15-20%. Product aware,

and the cool thing about Gemini is that they know, they have search data,

right? YouTube, all this other stuff too,

right? But they have it at 5-10%,

and the most aware, 1-2%,

okay. They're kind of saying,

while product awareness can be built through marketing media,

the progression between a most aware individual or an active user is significantly filtered

by the cost and invasiveness of objective identity therapies. Uhm,

so basically they're like, hey,

it's going to be hard to sell this,

right? Then they take it and put it in a really nice little chat

for you, 40-50%, 30-35%,

solution aware, product aware, most aware. So they sort of feel like people

are most unaware. ChatGPT said,

problem aware, I think there's probably truth in both of these.

I don't know which one it is, but it kind of, it still helps,

you know, like, okay, I've got an uphill battle, right?

Um, both agree, very few people are over here.

Problem aware, right? Um,

the dominant stage for the targetable and realistically convertible market is for injectable ID

lies between late problem aware or early solution aware.

Okay, so like somewhere in this range,

which is what we talked about before, right? It's sort of generally your sweet

spot. And I like that Gemini has sort of, it ends up saying this

kind of similar thing to what ChatGPT would say,

which is like, this is what you target. And then blah,

blah, blah, blah, blah, strategic implications, they're not bad.

Right? That's why I brought it. Transcripts provided by Outsourcing,

LLC. Position them, right? Build a trust segment.

So

I save all of this, but really all I'm trying to do is

get a gauge for who I'm, who I'm speaking to,

right? So if I was doing this, I'm, and I could have done,

I should if I was thinking this way, when we started NID plus,

we probably saved, I don't know,

a hundred thousand plus dollars, $150,000. And it's so funny,

even today, we're actually going to stop advertising it for our telemedicine platform for

the most part, but our Google media buying partner is like,

hey, well, we do have this one segment, um,

with search where our CPA is like $300,

which is a totally fine CPA for what we do. Um,

and we go, okay, we'll keep that one on, right? And that can be

a ton of sales because there's not that much awareness,

but if people are aware, it turns out it's actually very easy to make

sales. The problem is, we can't scale it to some crazy level right now

because there's just not enough demand, right? So you have to manufacture demand,

but the only way you're really going to do that is through like a,

you know, probably like a VSL, a lot of educational content,

like a, you know, we'll talk about that more in other modules,

but, but hopefully that makes sense.

Right. Okay, cool.

So I've got these examples here for you. You can read through them as

much as you want. Uh, I did another one with like Airbnb arbitrage.

I could do with that. I used Gemini for that one. I think that

is going to be over here. Yeah.

So same thing. Gemini is going to give me a lot of stuff.

This idea is like a, like a coaching high ticket program that teaches people

how to Thank you having me. Do,

uh, basically they do a long term lease on the air on a rental

property and then they do short term rentals through Airbnb with the permission of

the person who owns the property.

And they sort of make money on the difference, right? So,

for example, I lease a property for $2,000 a month.

I ran out on Airbnb and make $4,000 or $5,000 a month,

right? Um, because I'm like you charge more for short term rentals,

the net profit is $2,000 or $3,000.

Proven business model, as of everything, sounds easier than it is,

but plenty of people make money doing it. So,

cool. All right. What's the level of awareness for that?

So,

same thing, Gemini is going to give me a lot of really interesting stuff

here, a little bit less in-depth than NAD, but I'm really just interested in

those charts, which I'll just do over here, too.

I'll make this bigger.

Active side hustle participants, 90 million.

Individuals doing new businesses. Individuals

interested in passive income. Online learners,

okay, a lot. Individuals interested in real estate,

broadly significant. Estimated potential niche,

ah, market for niche coaching, 1 to 3 million.

It's an estimated subset of the above, representing those who might specifically consider it

rental arbitrage, okay. Does this analysis,

here's all the stuff I did. Again, I'm skipping because you can skip.

So it would have end-unaware at 30 or 40 percent.

You know, the desire to improve financial standing,

greater income, these sorts of things. They're not actively seeking solutions,

uhm,

this is what I said when I was talking about this with you in

the last segment, or the last video too,

uhm. Here though, it's like they do want what you're selling,

so it's kind of a different level of unawareness, right? It's one thing to

be like, I'm unaware of a problem with wrinkles, like,

I don't think I have a problem. You can't sell them. this person's like

if you're like You know, you'd have to be like, oh, hey, you do

have a problem, you look like shit, and it's hard to insult somebody who

insulted them. It's hard to do, right?

Whereas here,

it's like, man, it would be nice if you had some additional income,

if you were making a little more money, if you had more freedom,

you didn't have to wake up to an alarm clock. Yeah,

it would be nice, right? It's just a different way

to it's a different starting point,

right? Um, problem aware 25 to 35 percent,

you know, they're filling constraints with their money,

they want some very income, they're exploring ways to make extra money perhaps,

all that, right? Solution aware. They're aware of like maybe things

like real estate ventures, operating Airbnbs.

I think this is valid because a lot of people know about Airbnbs and

people making money with that. Product aware,

people who know that arbitrage is a distinct, uh, strategy. So that's actually

interesting,

right? There's a decent amount of people who probably do know about these,

they've probably seen ads and things of that nature, right? And the most aware,

they have it at 5 to 10 percent, which is actually bigger than I

would have guessed, but cool. And they break it down for you here,

right? And this is,

as you see here, it's got primary information and channels,

key characteristics, that's made TAM,

et cetera, right?

And where they're hanging out, according to Google, which is really helpful,

right? Most aware. Who can mention a school?

I mean, Gemini is so good, honestly, it's really wild.

Um, a significant observation is the chasm between problem-aware stage and the solution-aware stage.

While a large portion of the population seeks financial betterment outside income,

rental arbitrage remains a relatively niche term.

Many individuals in the problem-aware stage may explore various avenues,

freelancing, e-commerce, traditional,

traditional investments, without ever organically encountering rental arbitrage as a defined strategy.

This suggests that considerable educational marketing is required to guide problem-aware individuals in their

goals towards recognizing rental arbitrage and subsequently coaching for it as a relevant solution

to their needs. Right? Dominant marketing awareness,

unaware, and problem-aware stages. Right?

Which is probably true. I think that's probably the dominant area.

Now, you still have to decide that that

doesn't mean that's who you have to talk to. Often is, problem-aware is usually,

like I said, where most cold biz-ops come into play. And you can even

go down here. But if you really believe that solution-aware people are

this big, you can start talking to them. Or even people who are product-aware

are really aware. You can do good money.

The thing that is so interesting with, like, biz-ops,

for example, what tends to happen, a lot of people will start,

like, here or here, and they'll get to one to three million dollars a

year in revenue. And then they're like,

kind of like, I'm stuck. And it's like, you're stuck because you gotta go

all the way over here to get to 10 million,

30 million, 50 million, 100 million a year in revenue,

right? It really does come down to these levels of awareness a lot.

So, you know,

it's important to understand that. Uhm,

and again, then I'm gonna kind of, like, you can read what you want.

It doesn't, like, you don't get overwhelmed by the amount of information.

This is kind No, we want to know like, what are the aspects estimates?

Who am I targeting? Why am I targeting those people,

right? And again, if you're working for a brand, if you're a freelancer or

something like that, they should be able to kind of answer that question too,

or you can give them recommendations based on what you know.

Okay? Okay,

so I paused it, uh, to eat some food.

I had my lunch delivered. but Let's go

on to a couple more examples. I mean, I think you're getting the idea

here. And obviously you'll see where this is relevant or helpful as we

continue on. Uhm,

did You know,

it is interesting how ChatsVPT

and Gemini have different estimates.

They look at, you know, ProblemAware as a larger segment.

They want extra income, right, have a pain point,

don't know that arbitrage is the solution. They do look at SolutionAware as 20-30%.

I'm not convinced this is accurate though,

to be honest with you. I don't know if 20-30% of people really know

about rental arbitrage. And then ProductAware 5-10%,

and MostAware 1-5. So,

you can kind

of pick, I don't know,

but I think you'll generally still get a gauge,

even when they're different, you'll still have a general gauge

of who you're speaking to,

and you'll understand. And frankly, you know,

you should kind of know who you're trying to talk to. and most

of the time, like I said before, like,

for this thing being the arbitrage, like,

you're really hitting all of these people. So, if we sum that up,

So, to up, you know, about 70% of people in your TAM are here,

right? If we go to what ChatTBT is 10 plus 40 is

50, plus 20 is 70.

it's really important, okay? Unaware at 10%,

problem aware at 40%, 10 plus 40 is 50,

plus solution aware at 20% is 70,

70%, right? it seems like they're saying a different thing.

Go back to Gemini, right?

Unaware at 30, problem aware at 25,

30 plus 25 is 55,

70.

So, it's like, you're still basically getting the same percentage of people,

they're distributing it differently, but that's who you're speaking to,

right? Um, okay, couple last ones real quick here.

I don't know if I have to go on forever on here to belabor

the point.

I did it for, uh, whipped tallow, just because I used that example,

or for beef Tello. I have the prompt correctly here.

I did this one before, I actually added in the whole TAM thing,

I hadn't done that before.

Um,

the video I did previously, and I'm like, oh, this is definitely cool, I

want to do that. So, I'll just show you that output real quick,

this one also comes from Gemini. Same idea.

But what I want to get to here is, well, I don't think this

one has the percentage breakdown.

It's actually cool, they do competitive landscape,

things like that, right, again, lots of neat stuff. All I really care about,

this one I went freaking epic on for some reason,

I don't know why. Um,

but I don't really care about any of it.

This wasn't doing percentages, which is why I improved the prompt.

Honestly, for this one,

if I just go all the way down.

Um,

majority of U.S. women age 35 and older most likely fall into the problem-aware

or solution-aware stages. So,

all you need to know, it'd be fun to redo this as,

like, the percentages, but product-aware,

most-aware, small. And what did I say? I talked about that experience I had

where I'm like, oh, shit, I'm trying to talk to product-aware people,

super small. This is a I should be talking to them up here.

I'm not. That's where I messed up,

right? Okay, and then very last one,

I haven't even exported this as a doc yet, which I'll do,

is the Personal Branding Mastermind.

I decided what the heck, might as well include that one as well.

Lots of interesting stuff, how it got to these estimates for your TAM.

It's really powerful. It's great. Kind of good to know.

All I really care about is this.

problem aware, solution aware,

product aware, most aware. Might

be a little bit generous again, but you see that Kind

of what I said in that video, right? You can still speak a biz

op to the unaware people too, I think in this market But probably your

bread and butter is gonna be that problem aware Solution aware

demo And even within that,

okay, here's the here's a good question, right? Actually,

this is really important and I should have brought this up probably earlier Because

earlier I was I said the messaging for problem aware is different than solution

aware, right? And that's true

For sure, right? I'm doing an ad for example,

or even a VSL or whatever it is If I'm talking to a problem

aware person What a paint what I call out is their pain points problem

struggles is be different the solution where a person who knows about these personal

problems the brand things and all that but that doesn't mean

I only want to get problem aware people,

right? Like, we'll talk about this as we get to copy more but like

you can still call out the problem seeking promotion,

blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?

Um,

and then later on the copy you're like, you know, so if you're telling

a story me like I started looking for solutions, I found out that there

was a bunch of personal branding,

career coaching people, like, all this stuff,

like I didn't, you know, it was overwhelming,

uhm,

everything like that. Then I heard about mastermind groups, right?

So, here's a crazy way to look at this as well and I,

hopefully I'm not fire hosing y'all too much, but in

and a good VSL. Especially,

I can be an Infi VSL or an On-Page VSL,

a lot of what you're doing is,

you're almost taking them through this journey in

a VSL. I'm gonna come back to that concept when I get to teaching

VSLs, just wanna put a little open loop,

put a little, plant a little seed in your head, right,

if I'm telling you my journey. I'm like,

I know you're You know, this problem,

it was bothering me, I started looking for solutions,

right, this is, you've probably heard this before if you did RBC1 or just

other copy, like, other solutions,

but they weren't really good, they weren't great, uhm,

you know, eventually I came upon this specific solution,

right, which could be like a mastermind or could be a supplement,

whatever it is. That was almost the answer,

but it wasn't, then I figured out or,

you know, found or created the specific one that's the best,

right, if you just think about that broadly, that's sort of what you're doing,

so it's okay, if you go to problem aware, which is where a lot

of copy is gonna fall,

right, uhm, and again, in some cases like skin care,

problem aware is also solution aware, but in general,

you're kinda going problem aware, Cause,

you know, this stuff's gonna be encompassed within problem aware,

right, this is typically where direct response for cold traffic,

for people who aren't familiar, that's where you're gonna be,

right, if you're warm traffic, people who are previous buyers who are really familiar

with you, or you run retargeting ads,

things like that, you're gonna be here,

okay, so, a positive traffic training,

well, pause, I'm gonna end this one here, we'll come back to these concepts

a lot, I hope this is all making sense, I hope it's got your

wheels turning, has you thinking of copy differently,

and, uh, we're gonna move on to psychographic research and other things

like that, and additional modules, alright, thank you so much,

bye.