Alright, this video is going to be pretty fast,

because we've already gone through the long-form process a couple of times now,

with UTI serum and Airbnb arbitrage.

I wanted to just kind of go through this blood sugar supplement.

As you'll recall from the brief video, we did two briefs,

one that was very, uh,

more like the hero's journey,

like, ClickBank style, and the one that was the doctor.

I'll include this in the folder. You know,

it came up with this mechanism around, basically,

cellular glucose transport breakdown,

after decades of research. It's called the tiny protein channel,

it's called GLUT4 transporters.

They're damaged and dysfunctional.

Inflammation causes these doors to become rusty and stuck.

Your pancreas produces insulin, your cells have insulin receptors. The actual doorway is broken,

glucose can't enter. Right? Uhm,

so those things are, honestly, I think it's probably a really simple mechanism,

and maybe it's sort of, like, obvious, but I don't think the average person

in America who has high blood sugar really knows this,

even if it's just a basic biological process.

So, if I was gonna really use this, if I was really wearing a

blood sugar supplement, would I have,

would I 100% use this mechanism? No, I probably would have done other Thank

you. The mechanism research and things that I've shared with you previously,

but I think it's good for an example,

right, and you kind of already know the process. The one thing I want

to do, though, is I want to find a hook,

uhm,

cause I think one thing that might be sort of missing is

a big idea, I guess, actually, is how I'd almost put it.

And that's my one question.

I'll go back to

the nickname of this thing here. Like, is the glucose gateway fix good enough?

I don't I don't know,

Like the V2 brief,

one concern is if we have

enough of a big idea,

it can often be related

to the name, to something like

glucose,

where you can spell, really compelling enough to get someone to

watch a long VSL.

Like your help,

with some additional, Let's

see, what could it be? It could be, I'm looking at the ingredients.

And really, when you look at those VSLs that have like, oh,

the 7 second blood sugar reset ritual,

like, you know, like,

Could be as simple as 2nd blood

sugar resetting ritual,

right? You'll

discover a blood

sugar reset ritual, right?

We could also have it be bladed ingredients,

like the, like the, oh saffron, right, like For

example, since there's saffron,

use the flavor to do

something like the, I don't know,

like the mullion,

race hack, resets blood sugar,

uhm, cause that's like, like I said, yeah,

that's just one thing I feel like it's sort of missing.

I mean,

Himalayan Diabetes Cure is good, too.

Aggressive.

I mean, it depends what you're doing, right? The

3000R

Spice that reverses Diabetes is interesting. It doesn't seem to be too aggressive,

eh? And also, it doesn't make, well, I can't afford $3000 so they don't

watch it, right? So,

what do I think? I like,

Can't spell still. Phrase.

What

was

I wrote here?

Hey! Listen, hey!

No! No! This is crazy.

Hey! You a good boy?

You gonna be a good boy? Say hi! You're gonna be a attacker.

You gonna be a good boy? Say hi! It's

much cooler. Watch, I feel like I'm coming out of my office in New

I hope this is very hot.

Well, sorry, I had to edit this video.

Human rice

hack. It's

actually, you know, related to a spice or flavoring.

It's added to rice.

Can you update the brief to incorporate

information for me, please? So,

this is kind of cool, right? The reason I'm making this video,

I don't really want to go through a whole long form VSL again,

because I just feel like, yeah, I'll produce one and you can look at

it but it's really I've said this a lot of times,

it's really more about the ideas than it is anything else,

you know? And so, in this case,

it's like, the ideas, like,

that brief is fine, the mechanism is fine,

but it's like, how do we still create intrigue?

How do we still create curiosity? How do we get

somebody to want to watch, consume? All of that,

right? Uhm,

again, it's gotten really aggressive with, like, reverses diabetes and all that,

you know, if I'm doing this for real, I'm gonna say,

hey, I'm not gonna say reverse, you know. I mean,

blood sugar is a hard category to write for anyway, because it's so aggressive.

But,

probably won't be going on too long here.

I'll let

my dog back in. But,

it's a lot better, right? Hook option number one is

not good. Like, missing page for a medical textbook that reveals the 30 second

blood sugar reset ritual. Harvard-trained doctor exposes the ancient Himalayan race hack that's reversing

diabetes in thousands of records. This is a very good hook, we just aren't

gonna say reverse diabetes.

Why the, like, why this, you know.

But

some of them are good, right? I like hook option number two the most.

I'm

gonna do Let's just say, let's say

that's rapidly lowering blood sugar scores

in thousands of Americans with diabetes.

Something like that. I

think this is a little bit more compliant as well,

right?

Defensible, yeah, it's much better, more, you know, defensible. I mean, it's more defensible,

but, uhm.

But now it's like pretty good actually, right? So now we can just sort

of take this brief, copy it. You

do I Oh. New

document. Dr.

Bloodsugar. Brief. V2. With.

Big idea.

Right? Got it.

Perfect. Download it.

Great. So now,

let's go do VSO real quick.

I'm probably,

the reason I don't want my classic

structure, I thought, again, why do I not put my RMVC classic copy structure

in here? It's because I don't want that classic structure necessarily,

for financial, right? It wouldn't make sense for the financial one.

I'd rather just do it each time,

even though that's kind of annoying. So, like,

I'm gonna be like, you know, here's the brief

for a new blood sugar, uh,

offer. I've also included my classic

sales letter outline. Please.

Use this information plus the

instructions in your knowledge to create a compelling outline for this new VSL.

There's this

one.

The one thing I want to note is that, you know, we had all

the hooks. I like hook option number two.

For the lead,

like, hook option number two.

Lead.

Big idea.

Again,

this isn't

compliant.

You can't,

like,

compare a medication, yourself with a medication.

Synchrocellular

glucose transport

breakdown. Probably a better nickname for that,

as well. I

could ask them the brief project, too. Why

diabetics in the Himalayan, who has E-carb,

high-carb, uh,

rice daily have virtually zero? That's good.

So, say, like, okay. Couple

of, things.

I don't love this nickname. I'm going to let that one go for now,

because I don't want

to have to deal with it,

but there are some things I cannot abide by.

I think it would be,

like, Villagers.

Moat.

Himalayan. Village.

Eat. Car price.

Daily. Get. Have. Virtually. Go. Diabetes.

Race. It

would be more like, Or

number two,

I like this, but people use golden spice when

referring to turmeric all the time,

so I think we should say Himalayan.

I'm not talking about turmeric.

This is obviously too aggressive, but just for,

you know, simplicity is fine. Good,

but let's kind of just keep it the same

consistent. Name, use,

so it's like,

like, second Himalayan race

ritual. Okay, so that's the

feedback for those. I guess, uh, Let's try feedback first,

so I think it's not too big.

Okay,

so there's that.

Background story. I

mean, since this would be a little bit- Okay,

this is- I need those parts. Okay. Okay,

color problem, all this stuff.

Yeah, I'm gonna update those fascinations. Background

story, Margaret, put it in the back so Margaret's name is wrong.

I

don't think we need to update that part.

How

does the search for truth exactly look like?

Alright, so where's the search for truth?

Let's

pop

this

into

trial.

good now. So say, yeah, okay, great. Please go ahead and write

this yourself.

And let's see how it does. I'll pause and come back. Alright,

so it's going to be aggressive, but let's look at it.

If type 2 diabetes and your blood sugar numbers keep climbing despite doing everything

your doctor tells you, what I'm about to show will shock you.

Because a Harvard-trained endocrinologist has just exposed why your medication is strict diets and

constant monitoring aren't working, as they do if your willpower or how bad your

diabetes is. In fact, he's discovered an ancient 32nd Himalayan race ritual that's rapidly

lowering blood sugar scores in thousands of Americans with diabetes,

often better than metformin itself. If you're one of the millions of Americans whose

A1c keeps climbing despite religiously taking your medications,

following strict diets, and monitoring your blood sugar multiple times a day,

you're about to discover why none of that has been working. Because in the

next few minutes, I'm going to reveal a 32nd daily ritual that can help

you achieve better blood sugar control than you've had in years without expensive medications,

restrictive diets, or constant fingerprints. You'll hear the heartbreaking story of Margaret,

a 58-year-old grandmother who did everything right for three years,

yet watched helplessly as her A1c climbed from 7.2 to 8.4,

being a doctor with no answers, and her family terrified she'd end up like

her diabetic father who lost his leg to the disease.

You'll discover why the real problem isn't your pancreas, your insulin,

or even your insulin resistance. I'm saying call it a Cellular Glucose Transport Breakdown

that no medical school teaches and 99% of doctors have never heard of.

This flies in the face of everything you've been told about diabetes management.

Because when your doctor is focused on forcing more insulin into your system,

the real problem is that your cellular glucose stores are broken and can't let

the sugar in where it belongs. I'm going to answer some fascinating riddles for

you today. Why do you, again,

this is a little bit weird, you know, I'm also, I'll share more about,

more on this in a moment, and I'm also going to share a little

about why, you're also, in the science field, you're also going to discover why

people, you know, why people

in this remote, like, you'll also discover the remote Himalayan village where

people eat high carb rice daily, have virtually zero rates of diabetes,

they go on to SPICE, that repairs cellular glucose transport,

their level, now I'm not talking about turmeric,

why your diabetes medications can actually make the root cause worse over time,

plus the 30 second Himalayan rice ritual that's been used for over 2,000

years. Uhm,

one thing you might want to see is a little bit of future pacing,

so you can probably I put that in my classic control. So,

yeah, I'm not gonna go through this one line by line because I think

you've seen me do it enough. Maybe in the future I will or something.

What

I'm skimming through here is the ingredient part.

This isn't bad,

but I think it's a little skimpy on the ingredient section.

I think these, These days, like, it's sort of 50-50 on how much you

need to go, how hard you have to go on the ingredients, but I

do think,

If I'm looking at the classic structure for supplements,

If

you've got this transfer breakdown, fine.

I'm

gonna

say,

basically

after here,

this is nice,

but after the last

bit. Paragraph, DMS,

I think we need to build on by mentioning

the ingredients he discovered and studies

supporting that they work,

so it's like, just the start,

I also found X Works

by doing Y, and here are,

he's proving it, and Z ingredient.

So let's see how it modifies that part. See,

most fascinating was the use of saffron, but we've already talked about saffron before,

so we wouldn't need to repeat it here.

this process. Alright, so let's take

a look at it, right? Uhm. Delete option.

It's so funny, right? Because it's,

like, literally,

That close is a little short, but it's something I wrote.

I wonder what, you know, I could have told it to make it, like,

a 40-minute long VSO or whatever it is.

But I didn't. But, yadda yadda Let's

do this, and then we'll actually just sort of, uh,

cut out the red saffron and repeat. Okay,

so that's better.

I thought we were talking about Saffron the whole time. Huh,

alright. Well in that case,

I guess we can add in Saffron too.

Is Burberry a Golden Spice though? I don't

know

if that's the right word.

Burberry, right? Okay,

so let's

look

at here, right? Saffron, red gold.

Berberine,

cyanocinnamate,

band of a leaf. Okay,

so it's better like that. That makes more sense, because I was like, what

is going on here? Uhm,

where does this start? It started with. Further investigation revealed.

Now

I still might simplify this for like the actual sales letter,

but it's still going to be a lot better. So

again, you have to pay attention, right? Nice, now,

you need as this part of the close as well,

right?

Oh yeah, absolutely. Can

we list what the five other compounds are too?

And for each one,

include the line about their benefits or how they help.

I

mean, it's r******* and stupid.

Pardon my language. Okay, so we got this here.

And

then I'll keep it. And five other assignments of compounds are together,

including, right, because now it's like,

otherwise it gets weird.

We just sort of randomly start listing more stuff. It's

known as a sugar destroyer.

Or

actually, it's not seen, no, it's fine. Which

contains, uhm,

okay. So now, I feel pretty good about it.

You know you can do different leads, right? Uhm,

because you watched the other training, so I don't think I'm gonna to spend

time doing the leads on this, but yeah.

No. Knock up with

I

Hm,

hm,

I'll

be

back

in

five to ten minutes. Oh my god,

I left it playing again.

Hopefully my headphones

turned it back on and

this was another really long, weird gap. Uhm,

but yeah, I guess the point is just, Sorry if I,

I don't remember, I got, It's hard recording on weekends.

I'm really trying to hustle to get this chorus out. So if there's weird

things where there's like a pause, but you don't,

It's barely noticeable when I start repeating myself, it's because I'm like, My daughter's

friend came, or her friend's dad came to pick her up.

The friend from a play date,

and I'm like, going to do stuff, right? Uhm,

but I'm really busting my butt to try and get this, you know, out.

And I think it's, You know, good, I, I would, This is pretty cool.

We've saved it here, I'll save it into the, You know,

Google Drive. Now I talk scratchy in the door.

Uhm, and like, you know, play around with it.

Maybe use these projects, do your own leads. Create some leads,

create some microhook leads, right? Things like that. I mean, I'll do this with

like a, 3 to 7 minute VSL probably,

and like a short one just You know,

include that for you. But,

uhm, if I do this section,

it's pretty fast too, because I think you kind of know what's going on

at this point. So, that is it,

and, uh, thanks. Bye.