Alright, so this is going to be a really fast one on the VSL

side, because you already saw how we created this when I was doing the

brief. So if you didn't watch that part, watch the brief part before and

go check it out. One of the actual only things I want to bring

up to you, that I think is really funny.

Let's look at the word count real quick here. As I shared this with

a friend, he was a former Agora financial copywriter,

and he was like, you know, it's pretty cool,

but it was made up idea,

like, part of this is the research, and if there's actually validity to it,

and then he went and did research, and he was like, oh shit, it

turns out there actually is a bunch of research about these genetic editing patents

and companies that have secured them, and all that.

So it's crazy, it's like, Joe and I just had that part dialed in

already, so, uhm, it's pretty funny.

But I'm not enough of, like, a financial VSL copywriter,

like, as far as I can tell, it's pretty good, I share it with

a friend, who, like I said, was an Agora copywriter,

he thought it was pretty good, of course it's a pretty direct swipe of

the secret trust fund offer,

but, uhm,

sorry, my dog, you need to shower. This dog smells terrible.

Uhm, I still love him. Oh,

but he really smells bad. Uh, yeah, so I mean, honestly,

like, you can go through this, uhm,

and check it out, I mean, you've seen the process, you saw how the

brief was created, you know,

obviously, you could use the ideation stuff,

like, similar to what we did, the Gemini thing I shared with you,

but also, obviously,

the other side to it too. Uhm, like, the other side to it too,

what does that mean? You can do the Gemini stuff, but also you could,

you know, use the mechanism and the market research and all that, and honestly,

this is one where, for financial especially, if you scour through with Gemini and

these processes, I bet you'd find some really interesting stuff,

and there's probably some customized things you could use for financial,

uhm, I just think it's hilarious that this is a pretty good promo

from what I can tell, and Gemini basically,

like, came up with the idea, and then Claude just wrote it,

you know? Uh,

so, I don't know, I think that's pretty funny. But I'm actually going to

focus mostly on long form, or sorry, on short form ads,

so say you have a script like this, looking good,

how do you sell the click? So, I'll show you that in the short

form, I'm going to skip the medium and the 3-7 length,

and we'll go to short form for this one, and you'll be able to

check it out. Alright, thanks.