Hey, it's Stefan. Real quick here,

I just want to show you what you're looking at with,

um,

this part of what Din so kindly included for us in addition

to, uh,

you know, his training. So these landing page layouts are kind of designed for

zip files. Download them.

If you're technically inclined or savvy, uh,

you know, you would can open up whichever one, like I, I picked,

I guess the sock one, right? Um,

and you can just double click on it. Basically you download the zip file,

double click on it. Look at this. It's basically got all the files where

you could rip it, all the images,

all that stuff, um,

for the landing pages, right?

Then, you know, just to see it, if you just want to look at

the swipe, you've got this index.html,

if you double click on it, it'll just open up,

right? So basically this is just a saved version for all the code.

So for people who know how to swipe,

how to do things like that, who want to feed it to a no-code

thing, you'll be able to do it. So that's what this is.

It's pretty cool. Um,

it's pretty awesome that it did include this. You've got these,

like, fine-tuning diabetes VSL.

You know what, let me, uh, let me do it here instead.

Sorry, you can't see all of it, but, um, I'm not sure what the

diabetes VSLs are, of course, might be some aggressive stuff,

but whatever, right? Yeah, reverse diabetes,

pretty aggressive. Uh, but, you know,

now you've got the, uh, little file, right?

And now, second, the links aren't going to work because maybe that thing's not

even active anymore, but, basically, you've just got these things for swiping,

taking the structure, all of that. So,

that's what you're looking at here. Again,

you just sort of go down to the zip file.

Once you have the zip file, you can unzip any of them.

You have the actual files from the landing page if you or somebody who's

going to design or do dev for them, and you can go look at

them by just double-clicking on the .html and it will open in a browser

for you. So, there you go. Thanks.