Hello, hello. All right, so this module will probably not be as long

as the product market awareness

module we did, but what we're looking to do today is we're going to

be going through, well, today in this module,

whatever, this section, I seriously don't know the terminology,

I should probably figure that out as I'm recording,

uh, but we'll be going through competitor research.

And a simple prompt that can help with that,

and then looking at the outputs and figuring out,

understanding what's important. Before we dive in,

I do want to share one thing, which is sort of like,

what are we doing here with research?

And it's kind of what I would refer to as,

like, stacking, like having a sort of research stacking note,

right? This formatting doesn't matter,

but you can deal with it, right?

So we looked at, like, the product and market awareness,

right? Now we're looking at competitor research.

Like, basically, what's the value proposition for competitor products?

And what do consumers like and don't like? Those are the primary things we're

trying to figure out in this module.

And then the last module will be around sales. Psychographic research.

So, that'll be, like, the deeper pain points,

uh, that the market faces, their hopes and dreams.

Things that, if you went through the original RMBC,

you might remember from R. Uh,

we're gonna use deep research for those things as well,

though. But the reason we're doing it,

because I think it helps to understand, like, okay,

you know, I'm showing you this cool stuff, but, like, what is the purpose

or the point? The purpose

or the point, I mean, there's a few, but one of the most immediate

ones is that we're trying to, not trying to,

we're going to be creating a document with all of these

different sort of factors, like a research brief.

And what we're trying to do is create a document that is going to

have, or a brief here,

not brief here. like an RMBC, like a copy brief, but like a document,

let's call it, uhm, that has really

all of the research context that we could give to a large language model,

whether that's a project or a

bot, if you do bots, and, uhm, or just in a single prompt on

LM, whatever it is, it's going to really have key pieces of information

that we can share with the LM

as we are generating copy. As you'll see as we get into the copy

generation components later, I typically use Quad to write copy.

I have done that for a year plus now,

and I can, obviously, you can see I constantly test different LLMs.

I think Quad is still the best. You know,

as you go through the RMBC2, you'll see some people who,

I'm sure some of you will go, well, I like this one, I like

that one. It's like, that's fine, right? I don't, I haven't recorded, at the

time of this video, I've not recorded a video about being

LM agnostic, so to speak, but I'm going to put that in the course

earlier on. And the reason why is because.

It kind of doesn't, it matters, I think some LMs are better than others,

but really, there's no magic one LM,

like you, you know, I don't repeat myself cause I'll probably say it in

this other video, but the idea is, you know,

in case you didn't watch that one, you just need to be willing to

use different LMs and see what gets you the best,

you know, outputs and results. And so,

and for some reason, financially, you can't afford one of the LMs or you

don't want to pay for another subscription, fine, use the one you have,

uhm,

but I like cloud for copy for the most part in cloud projects,

so if I'm creating a cloud project, as you'll see when we get into

those trainings in depth, having this,

if I'm creating a project for a specific brand that I'm writing for consistently,

if I'm consistently writing copy and things like that for that brand,

then having this sort of overview document of research can be

really helpful as it informs the copy that cloud produces,

right? And so again, we did product market awareness,

now we're moving on to competitive research and we're going to go through that

in this video. Alright,

so, I'm not, I don't have a really,

like, the reason I said this would be shorter than the product market awareness

one is because I don't have a really long, you know,

lengthy preamble besides the four and a half minutes I've already spent on

this section. Um,

it should be pretty obvious, right? Like, competitive research is just understanding,

okay, what are other people in your space selling similar products,

the one you're going to be writing copy for, creating copy and funnel assets

for? What are they,

how are How they talking? How are they? speaking to the market?

What are the things they're promising? What is the market like or dislike about

them? Now we'll leave it there,

actually. Let's just go right into the prompt and I'll show you what I

mean, okay? So the prompt is pretty straightforward.

I want your help doing competitive research for a product in your

niche or space. The specific product is product,

and we are focused on competitors in the commerce and geography.

Specifically, we're looking for DTC brands to primarily sell online through e-commerce or direct

response sales funnels. For each competitor you find,

I want to understand, we could really bullet these,

and I'll do that for fun here as I'm going.

Who is the target demo they speak to? What are their main new customer

acquisition funnels? because these ones should be boiling.

What

is their core messaging in their ads,

advertorials, and other advertising assets? What are examples of their advertisements or landing page

assets, if available? Are there any recurring or repetitive hooks,

angles, big ideas you see consistently appearing in their advertising assets?

What is their pricing structure?

What do and what do customers dislike about them? Use reviews,

social signals, social media platforms,

etc. to answer this. If available,

what is their estimated overall business revenue and revenue for their hero products?

Are products that are most similar to the one that I mentioned? If you

want to add any more details about the market, similar to our product market

awareness one, you can do that. Please go ahead and get started now.

Okay, so. This is pretty straightforward.

The biggest thing here is with everything I'm teaching,

you can always experiment, so you'll see it.

I've got three examples to go through. The first one I did was a

eye serum, since I'm actually going to write a new VSL for our skincare

brand for eye serum and probably document a lot of that here in RBC

too. So basically.

I put e-commerce or direct response sales funnels.

You'll see it ended up focusing on pretty broad e-commerce type of things.

Now, why does that matter? I'll show you the example in a moment,

but basically I could have also gone with just hardcore direct response,

right? Maybe I even knew some examples that I could have shared.

You can put this stuff in here, and you'll get potentially kind of different

researcher outputs. I don't know,

you know, like, yeah, like, a different report,

different deep research, you know, output.

Uhm, and if you do that,

you know, that might be more helpful to you. So that's, this is where

I'm never going to give you the perfect thing for exactly what you're doing.

I'm going to give you very damn close sometimes, but it's also going to

be upon, incumbent upon you to modify

and experiment and figure out the exact variation of end anything.

I'm sharing that works best. Okay.

So that being said, then let's go ahead and look at some examples.

I want your help doing competitor research for a product in the skin care

space. The specific product is an ice room and we are focused on competitors

in the U S specifically. We're looking for DTC brands who primarily sell online

through e-commerce or direct response sales funnels for the optional.

Here are more details about the market. Let's focus on skincare for women here.

Okay. Please go ahead and get started. I stuck with Gemini for this.

I may have done one with chat to BT too. I don't think I

even liked it as much, but, um,

you could use chat to me to chat, chat,

CBT perplexity. Cloud has a deep research future now,

which I haven't even played with. Cause I'm frankly so happy with Gemini.

I'm like, I don't think I need anything better than that, but we're,

we're going to see here is similar to in the product market awareness,

there's going to be a lot of information,

right? And so what we want to do is we'll kind of go through

these examples and like,

what are the parts that we can really focus on? Okay.

So similar to as before,

it's It's very in-depth, okay? I'm gonna open it up.

Make it bigger. Let's go 150.

I think that'll be fine. Um,

and as I mentioned previously, it's kind of up to you how much you

want to read. I do think this stuff is valuable and when you're doing

it, you know, you're, you're really just doing research for maybe one product or

whatever. So it's not like you're going to have 20,

30, 50, even 10 reports to read through.

Right? Cause it's going to make sort of like key strategic recommendations for new

entrants right into the market. Like, do I,

um,

is this helpful? Kind of.

It is. I mean, I don't know that I need all of it,

right? Okay. It's a dynamic and fiercely competitive space characterized by sophisticated digital marketing

strategies. Like,

sure. Like, is that really helpful for what we're looking for?

What are we really looking for? Well,

it's kind of what I said, I believe, um, here, right?

What's their value prop, what consumers like and don't like.

Okay. So there's an interesting background stuff.

They talk through top funnel, bottom funnel. This is to me is the stuff

that people get weighed down in though,

honestly, where it's like,

I'd only really look at these things.

If you have, the discipline not to get paralyzed by too much information,

right? Like, I don't think this is fine.

But it's not crucial. Key messaging pillars and brand positioning.

In a crowded DTC skincare market, a clear and compelling brand identity is essential

for differentiation. Competitors generally align with one of three dominant messaging pillars.

Science versus nature. Transparency and affordability.

Community and authenticity. Okay? I think these things are interesting.

They're worth noting, but we'll probably see them again later on.

Apart from dominance, blah blah blah blah blah.

Okay. Comparative analysis table.

I like tables because they're the easiest place to get snapshots of things,

right? The following table offers a high-level comparison.

Okay.

So got Drunk Elephant, The Ordinary,

Tool of Skincare, Goisier, Sunday Riley,

Beauty of Josian, and Strivectin.

Okay? It's gonna do Hero Serum,

The Price, Key Active Ingredient, Primary Target,

Core Messaging, uh, and Estimated Annual Revenue.

So we've got Drunk Elephant, we've got their A.

Shaba Complex Eye Serum, $64,

Retinol, Caffeine, Caliber Peptides, Neurographic Skincare,

Savvy Millennials, uh,

Clean, Clinical, Biocompatible, what their revenue is.

Got The Ordinary,

Price Point, Kinda Star Ingredients,

uhm,

what their sort of focus is.

Focused on, right? So this is cool,

it's good to know the pricing, worth knowing about these products,

worth knowing what the ingredients are, things like that.

To me, still not crazy,

crazy, crazy poor. This is where I do think it gets more interesting,

they start doing competitor profiles, okay? So drunk elephant.

If I'm just continue to skim down What

I'm actually most interested in here is core messaging,

okay? Mark it as a smoothing eye serum with 0.1% vegan retinol,

3% caffeine, and copper peptides that targets fine lines and wrinkles and reduces puffiness.

The key marketing messages are smooth and de-puff.

The brand highlights its ability to improve skin elasticity,

promote collagen production, and defend against free radical damage.

Clinical claims are a major part of the messaging,

with statements like 97% showed improvement in under-eye bags,

crow's feet, and dark circles after 8 weeks of use.

We've got the pricing structure and subscription,

what customers love, positive reviews,

reviews frequently praise the serum's effectiveness, many users report seeing an immediate or rapid

difference in the reduction of fine lines, crow's feet, and puffiness.

The lightweight, non-sticky texture is another highlight,

with customers saying that it absorbs well and creates a smooth base for concealer.

The unique twist-to-open pump dispenser is also seen as a hygienic and convenient packaging

feature. What customers dislike. There is a significant and vocal contingent of users

who experience severe negative reactions to the product.

Reddit threads and product reviews are filled with complaints of burning sensations,

rashes, peeling, swollen eyes, and itchy eyelids,

particularly from those with sensitive skin. Another common complaint is that the product pills

or creates a film on the skin, making it difficult to layer with other

skin care or makeup. For some, the product simply yields no visible results,

making the premium $64 price tag feel unjustified.

Okay, uhm.

So, again, if I go back to what am I actually

valuing in the competitor research, it's really just the core messaging,

price awareness is helpful to understand how we stack up depending on the product

we're selling and the price, and what they love and don't love.

That's really all I actually care about,

right? I don't even care about the philosophy,

I don't really care about their target audience that much for this case.

Uhm, that could be valuable, but really,

there's interesting things in here to be sure,

but really, I'm like core messaging and what they love and don't like.

Why am I interested in the core messaging? Because core messaging is really,

what are the claims that they're making, right? If these people are all doing

well in the space, and they're selling to women,

especially and skincare because you know you can talk about targeting.

Millennials, or Gen Z,

or whoever it is, or baby boomers,

but at the end of the day, like, we can kind of assume,

with something like skincare, a physical product that addresses a physical pain

point, the solutions are going to be overall the same,

right? So multiple peptide technologies to help reduce the appearance of crow's feet

and under eye wrinkles, eye bags, puffiness, and dark circles.

Um, they talk about their pricing,

right? High concentration of actives required to address multiple eye area concerns at

once, what customers like,

the value proposition in this case, right? Um,

again, effectiveness in hydrating the eye area, reducing puffiness,

and even lifting sagging eyelids, described as lightweight and non-irritating for most users.

A notable minority of users report negative reactions,

including sagging eyelids. Stinging, burning, or irritation. Sensitivity is often anecdotally linked to the

presence of niacinamide, niacinamide in the formula.

Some users find the product ineffective for their concerns,

okay? Cool. Tula,

same thing. What's the core messaging? Ponent lightweight formula,

and by the way, you might start to notice, like, there's some commonalities,

right? Thank you. Lightweight, uhm,

for fresh and firm, the look of tired eyes. Do you understand how you're

essentially getting, if you're selling a product, like an eye serum,

for example, that's gonna be very similar, uhm,

you're essentially getting, like, all the claims you can make right here.

I paused it for a minute because my daughter came in,

it's a Saturday morning, and I was helping her with a couple things.

She said, tell the fans I say hi, so.

My daughter says hi. But,

again, going back to, like, what are these promises, okay, we're getting,

like, these core promises, which is great,

right? We can kind of know and use these when we're writing copy for

something similar. Also, if they'll love and dislike,

for those of you who did the original RMBC and know the research and

what a mar- One of the questions is sort of, like,

what does the market like about existing solutions and what do they dislike?

So, that's answering this.

We will look at it more broadly when we get to the psychographic research,

the, like, the R, the traditional R.

But, you know, there's still a lot of,

uhm,

valuable insights here, too, right?

and so it keeps going on here but the whole whole

point is just claims, promises,

things like that, what they like and don't like.

And it gives you this whole sort of, like, acquisition channel,

uhm, stuff here, right? So, there's a bunch of these,

which is great. And it gives you

a bunch of additional stuff you can look at,

but, to me,

Thank you. That's

primarily what I'm looking at. By the way, you can just see how many

citations it pulls from, right? It's kind of crazy.

And you could, the problem is there's, there's the fact finder,

right? The fact finder is going to want to go look at all of

this stuff. My personal feeling is

you don't need to. It depends on how much time you have.

If you have all the time in the world, go for it, I guess.

But I'm generally not trying to do all that.

I'm trying to get the high level stuff, which I can get with AI

and Deep Research, which is why it's incredible and how much time it saves

you, right? Okay,

let's look at example number two. In this case,

product in the Airbnb arbitrage space.

You may remember we kind of talked about that as an In this during

product market awareness, the specific product is a coaching program and community shows people

how they can, um, should say lease a property long-term

and then manage it as a short-term rental with the property

owner's consent. And we focus on competitors. We're focused on competitors in the U.S.,

looking for coaching programs, training platforms, gurus who primarily sell online through direct response

sales funnels. So you see how I changed this as you may recall from

the first example, where it was like DTC brands who sell online through e-commerce

and direct response sales funnels. We changed the part here.

This is all the same. Let's go ahead and do it. Oh, I don't

put my little preview link here. So it's going So I'll pop that in.

Got the same thing here. Got my little table.

all that kind of stuff.

Okay. Go and copy

this link. Alright, so look. Comprehensive analysis of the competitive landscape for Airbnb rental

arbitrage coaching programs in the United States, with specific focus on competitors utilizing

online direct response marketing funnels. The market is characterized by a powerful central

narrative, the promise of achieving financial freedom and generating substantial income through short-term rentals

without the need for property ownership. This message resonates deeply with an audience seeking

alternatives to traditional employment and feeling excluded from capital-intensive real estate investments.

Key players in this space have developed a sophisticated and highly repeatable business model,

referred to herein as the Guru Sales Funnel.

This model begins with extensive free content on platforms like YouTube to build a

large audience and establish authority, and then channels these viewers into lead magnets,

typically free webinars, which serve as a primary sales vehicle for high-ticket poaching programs.

These programs range in price from approximately $2,500 to over $10,000 and are often

sold through high-pressure sales calls. However,

there's controversy and skepticism, okay? So,

one really, I think, important distinction to make as I look at this competitive

research component, is this

specific, specific research part is zoomed in more,

right? So, if the product market awareness were like,

I,

you know, the, the, the whipped tallow,

skincare market for whipped tallow, right? So, sort of like,

people who know about,

I would do the eye ceremony, right?

People who know, who don't think they have wrinkles,

not worried about it. People who are noticing fine lines and stuff like that.

People who are looking for solutions to fine lines and things like that.

People who are looking at, like, specifically,

you know, tallow or eye serum, uh,

as a solution. And the people who are, like, you know,

familiar with, like, your brand, uh,

or brands just like yours, really close to buying all that,

right? Those are the levels of the product market awareness.

because here we are, so it starts really broad.

Like, nobody, just everybody who could buy an eye serum.

Then it goes to, like, people who know they have a problem who would

buy an eye serum. That goes to people who are looking for specific

eye serums. That goes to people who are looking for specific peptide eye serums

that may include yours, right? Here we're just sort of,

like, specifically people who are looking for.

We're really, we're just,

we're not, we don't care about the awareness level, we're really focused on specific

products that are similar to the ones that we sell, right?

So in this case, it's like, with the eye serum,

one of those peptide eye serums, uhm,

in this case it's like Airbnb arbitrage coaching.

It's not people who are looking for unaware, it's not that, right? So we're

zoomed in more, people are really focused on really looking for this stuff,

right? So it's got this sort of sales funnel breakdown,

which is pretty accurate, to be honest with you.

There's some interesting stuff there, their whole value ladder.

Uhm, those are the big ideas here,

it's worth noting this, it didn't really do that as much with,

uhm, the eye serum. So,

financial freedom without property ownership, escape the nine to five dream.

Automative, automation passive income,

stuff like that. Yeah.

What people dislike about these things.

This would be worth, this is, it's so hard because I do feel like,

you know, part of this is skimming, because like, I think this is an

interesting, worthwhile note. The co-host team pivot as a market indicator.

An observable trend among more sophisticated competitors is a strategic pivot in messaging

moving from a singular focus on rental arbitrage to a blended messaging approach.

The model that heavily emphasizes co-hosting or property management.

Programs like 10x B&B and thought leaders like Derek Taylor,

whose model is analyzed in reviews,

are increasingly promoting co-hosting, managing other people's properties for a percentage of the revenue

as the ideal entry point. The shift is not arbitrary,

it is a direct response to evolving market dynamics.

Pure rental arbitrage is capital intensive.

For each unit, the operator must have funds for the first month's rent,

Thank for joining us. Period deposit, furniture, setup costs,

which can easily exceed $10,000 to $15,000 per property.

That's a big barrier of entry. As the market becomes more saturated and long-term

tenant, uh, rents continue to rise,

the potential profit margin for arbitrage is being compressed,

making it harder to find deals that are financially viable.

The co-hosting model elegantly solves this problem.

It requires a load of note from capital from the operator as the property

owner bears the cost of the property the barrier to entry.

Co-hosting also shifts the primary risk. Instead of being liable for a long-term lease,

the co-host risk is primarily reputational.

It's a service business, not a lease-holding business.

Therefore, the pivot towards co-hosting is a strong indicator that the market is maturing.

Okay? So, worthwhile. Now let's do the in-depth competitor profiles,

okay? High ticket arbitrage.

Co-hosting platforms. Sean Radkevich,

million-dollar renter, Airbnb Automated. One of the most visible and polarizing figures in

the space, operating under the million-dollar renter and Airbnb Automated brands.

His business model is centered on rental arbitrage with a heavy emphasis on systematization

automation. His entire business is built upon a massive YouTube presence,

which functions as the core of his sales funnel, attracting hundreds of thousands of

subscribers with the promise of free in-depth training.

Target audience, cool,

core acquisition sales funnel. Let's get to core messaging and hooks,

right? Great news. Even though we just went through all this stuff and you're

like, well, wow, this is kind of different than the ICERM one.

I think it's worth reading through these to kind of make notes that there's

interesting insights to be gleaned here,

but ultimately messaging what they love,

what they dislike, right? So,

his primary hook is a promise of unparalleled value,

stating his free playlist has more free value than any other course in existence.

This is designed to build immense trust and authority before a sale is ever

attempted. He uses simple, direct benefit statements like make money from home,

literally, to make the opportunity feel accessible. A key and highly controversial part of

his messaging is his advice to students to not explicitly disclose their intent to

use a property for Airbnb to landlords. Framing this unparalleled value off execution as

a sales tactic, this has become a defiant feature of his brand,

attracting some while repelling many, uh,

as well. Okay. What customers love,

supporters are drawn in by his killer free content on YouTube,

which they find genuinely insightful and valuable,

promoting basics of the business. They view him as an authentic entrepreneur who has

achieved significant success and is willing to share his knowledge.

Dislikes the negative sentiment.

He is extremely strong and widespread within the experienced host community.

He's frequently labeled a scam, a disgrace,

and a sleazebag for his unethical advice regarding landlords.

Critics point to his own publicly visible Airbnb profile,

which reportedly shows low host ratings,

a 4.41 average, numerous bad reviews, and low occupancy rates,

as evidence that his primary business is selling content, not successfully operating rentals.

10x B&B.

Core

messaging focused on practical application.

Most courses sell you ideas. 10x B&B sells you execution.

This directly counters a major criticism of competing programs.

They heavily market their private Facebook community as a secret weapon,

emphasizing the value of real-time support from coaches and peers.

The co-hosting model is framed as a low-barrier-to-entry strategy.

Making the dream of starting an AirBnB business feel more,

much more attainable and less risky. Uhm,

we have these other tiers. What do people love? What do people not like?

Uhm, it's worth noting that these guys,

Is

that they do have overall pretty positive feedback.

So if I was trying to study some competitors before I dived in,

or dove in, I might look at them,

okay? Preston SEO Core

messaging Builds

himself by branding himself as an eight-figure investor.

His content often uses hooks like nine tax secrets to wealth he used to

create a sense of exclusivity and insider knowledge.

The naming of his bridge method serves to package his teachings as a unique

proprietary system that can't be found elsewhere. What they love,

what they dislike, more about what they dislike here.

Calvin Tran Most powerful

hook is his personal glow-up story from a physician assistant,

student with $900,000 in debt, to an entrepreneur allegedly making over $200k a month.

You know, the one thing that I think is missing here,

that wasn't missing as much from the, uhm, From

the iCerm one is that we're not getting as much of the specific promises.

But that's okay, we'll be able to figure those out more from,

uh, the psychographic things. But what I might try doing,

if I were to be completely honest with you, okay, so we've got,

like, just, you know, all these, a lot of examples, which is cool.

There's

still good stuff here, right? A sneaky, ethical way to make money with properties

you don't own, and to do it without having to get mortgages. Like,

there are still some promises here. Let's go back up to the person before,

Kedra. Yeah,

there's a modest income claim, right? There still are claims here,

but one thing I might do. Let me finish this and I'll tell you

what I would do. Okay,

they've got the little boxes here. Core messaging hook.

More free, uh, value than any course.

We sell execution, not ideas. Bridged method,

tax secrets, they're glitzy. Luxury lifestyle story.

Multipurpose space. Passive income and affordable alternative.

Made simple and focused on staging.

Secret sauce. Endorsed by Grant Cardone. And that's sort

of the end of this

one. Now, one thing I might consider doing if I modified this.

Know this now.

I might also go,

uhm, like, should

we have some core messaging here?

Core promises they make to prospective

customers. Value props.

Language they use in selling their

programs, etc. And we could also honestly

do this with, like, our initial Gemini output.

Okay, so we have this here. I go,

great, thanks. for each of the arbitrary

values. Project businesses featured.

I set the research enabled where I hit that. Okay,

so I did that. So,

of course, there's a breakdown, but I think it's still taking things from the

report all the way, or in a lot of contexts here,

like the more free value thing,

right? There's some more things like make money from home,

literally. They had that before, actually, uhm,

proven techniques and secret knowledge, six proven techniques to pitch landlords on Airbnbs,

and two awards every landlord wants to hear, uhm.

I mentioned the bridge method, I mentioned this, so what I would do, again,

is

be like, okay,

thanks, however,

I'm really looking for this specific phrases,

claims, verbiage,

use. Uhm,

basically if I were selling

an Airbnb arbitrage,

I'd be looking for phrases.

Sentences,

fragments, that we see

these folk, these competitors clearly use.

I'm just to see if this is better or not.

I'll

come back after it loads this. Alright,

so there's gonna be more stuff. But

to be honest with you, I'm not going to. I'm not what I want

on this, and that's okay. That's not really the full point here.

Like, we know the competitors. We kinda know what people like and dislike. We

do have some value props. We'll get more language later on.

But let's also do this.

Going back to being multi-modal. Here's what I,

like, Thank you. I

did. Now, we might get different competitors if we do chat GPT,

but what I want to do is basically run it in chat GPT.

So, I gotta make that, I'm gonna

go back to Othro, O, O3,

bro. Deep Research.

And, for fun,

let's go use Perplexity as well.

I'm gonna use Deep Research here.

The reason why is because I do really want some specific phrases.

And,

well, I'll Gemini is doing great so far. I'm running into a roadblock.

What happens when I run a roadblock? When I hit a roadblock?

Usually I just go try out for a different LLM. So,

this is kind of like a normal thing I do.

It's funny, Anaya is here. Uh, she was my,

uhm, she was like a nanny babysitter for us in Vegas years ago,

but then her and Bryson uh,

started their own Airbnb company,

did really well, and they actually got to join CA Pro, uhm,

my mastermind, which is a crazy full circle thing,

right? Uhm,

one thing I kind of don't like with deep research from ChatterGBT is it's

always asking for follow-up questions,

uhm.

So

it's saying, what price range is your own program, well I don't have a

program but I'll say it's a high-tech mastermind. Do I want to include both

individual influencers, gurus, and structured platform brands?

I'll say both. If I focus exclusively on programs teaching the arbitrage model,

should I include general short-term rental coaching programs as well?

I'm looking for claims and stuff a lot. We could say,

uhm, general short-term coaching

programs are fine for,

so it's super annoying because I'm like in the U.S. and it's like, are

you only interested in U.S.? But I'm like, yeah, I said U.S.,

U.S.-based. I'm just gonna put like,

yeah, anyone who targets U.S.

U.S. customers and the

U.S. market.

Okay, Perplexity is doing all of its stuff here,

which is cool. This

is going here, so let's give it a few minutes and see what these

guys come back with. Okay,

so Perplexity came back with their results. Target Demo,

Acquisition Funnel, Quit 9 to 5,

Achieve Financial Independence to Zero Property Investment,

Learn how to build a 7-figure self-running Airbnb business,

Start with Zero Units, Zero Industry Experience,

and Zero in Revenue. Emphasizes automation and done-with-you approach rather than just information.

But,

see, it's kind of weak on the customer feedback, Perplexity, but the claims are

actually good. Um,

some key value propositions are also good. Blake Roka,

Core Messaging. See,

they just keep going to the people. The problem with the gurus is they

go so much to, like, what the guru's messaging is. That's just kind of

a pain in the butt here. How to build a growth

six and seven figure business through short-term rentals without training time for money.

So I think if you did Perplexity and you kind of,

and I'll make sure to share this as well. Um,

this will help you with, like, getting additional sort of claims,

promises, value props, things like that.

So this alone is probably good enough for us for now.

Um,

and I'm glad I'm doing this live because, again, I wish I could see

the magic. This simple thing works every time and most of the time it

does, but it's good to see what happens if,

like, you're not getting what you want.

Right? In this case, that report from Gemini didn't really give me exactly what

I wanted. Right? So we could try running it.

When you try running it, if you did this example,

you know, I did add this question to this example and

now if I still start with Gemini, but if for some reason Gemini was

not doing well, I might go to Perplexity and we'll see eventually what,

you know, uh,

what ChatsDBT has to say as well. So you can always come back to

that. In the meantime, though,

let's go ahead and move over to our last example.

So our last example we did was for the golfing space.

Cheers. I decided, you know, I was thinking about performance golf and,

uh,

was it top speed or full speed? I don't know. Just the different golf

people, right? But, um,

to compare research for a product in the golfing space,

the specific product is a special new driver that promises to fix a golfer's

slice, give them a draw, add 30 plus yards to their drive in the

U.S. market. This is sort of like the core promise of the vast majority

of golfers. Right. Um,

notice I changed this a little bit. Well,

I guess I'm about to DTC brands who primarily sell online through e-commerce or

direct response sales funnels. I did add more details here,

right? This is the optional more details. Let's focus on amateur golfers.

The market is not for professionals here. Go ahead.

Okay. Okay,

so. Back to Gemini for now has

the whole port. We'll go look at it in the dock versus something else.

I don't mind usually looking at this first overview.

Okay. The market for golf equipment aimed at amateur players is driven by potent

combination of aspiration, frustration, and the pursuit of enjoyment for the vast majority of

golfers. The game is a constant battle against inconsistency with two specific pain points

dominating their experience, a lack of distance off the tee,

and the persistent confidence-destroying slice.

The slice in particular is more than a technical flaw.

It is a source of profound frustration that can ruin a round and undermine

the enjoyment of the game. The psychological vulnerability creates a fertile ground for products

that promise a solution. The amateur golfer is often caught between the high cost

of premium equipment from original equipment manufacturers,

and the desire, the desire for a product that can tangibly improve their performance

and make the game more fun. Within this landscape,

several key consumer personas emerge, each one with distinctive motivations that DTC brands are

strategically targeting. They have the frustrated slicer,

the value-seeking improver, and the casual lifestyle golfer.

So, is this crucial to what we're doing?

Because we already do psychographic research, remember, right?

No, I think it's interesting. It's cool. I would probably look through it,

but let's get to our specific kind of,

uhm, examples, So,

we've got a few here. Performance golf.

What's their core messaging? The world's first slice-fixing driver made for amateurs fixes your

slice without changing your swing. There's bomb-tech golf.

Premium pro quality without the price. We don't pay pros to play our clubs.

Cheers. Premium golf clubs for affordable prices.

Clean, Nordic design. High quality handcrafted clubs at a fair price by cutting

out advertising and retail markups. Sleep minimalistic modern clubs at a good price,

making golf more accessible.

Can I show you something very funny? So,

obviously, I know the performance golf guys really well, Donnie and Brixton and everything,

right? In fact, they really attribute a lot of their success to attending

the very first CA pro, or is the second CA copy starter mastermind,

like live event thing we did, uh,

in Vegas, right before COVID, but that's

actually where they met their media buyer, uh, David O'Connell,

who was doing the Google ads module,

uh, for RMPC2. So it's funny how such a small world,

but think about, I want you to, I want you to notice something when

people shit on dress for some response. Okay.

What's performance golf revenue. So we're a hundred million.

What's their core messaging, super specific,

direct response, promise, bomb tech golf,

eh, quality price. You know, what's their revenue to come with off a premium,

affordable, clean design. Okay.

Right. Sub 70 high quality. We don't know their price.

Six million. It's golf sleep, minimalistic, modern clubs, formulate.

Do you see my direct response wins? I have a 41 minutes into the

video and this is such a good insight.

And so I do wonder like, you know,

I know how people watch all these videos, but I think this is actually

just like the best. It's such a good, powerful insight here.

Um, okay.

So there's that. I've got the,

you know, playbook. They start performance golf here.

Performance golf in the slice fixed playbook. Um,

most direct and formidable competitor to a new product promising to fix the slice.

They have a clear playbook on how to tap into the amateur golfer's deepest

frustrations while their vulnerabilities reveal a significant opportunity.

Uh, oh, Donnie and Brickson.

Our target persona of the frustrated golfers. Slice slicer seeking a magic bullet performance

golf marketing is laser focused on the frustrated slicer persona.

Their entire messaging framework is built to resonate with golfers who feel their slice

is an insurmountable obstacle to enjoying the game. The copy on their sales pages

speaks directly to this despair, promising a simple product based solution that requires no

effort from the user phrases like let the F1 do all the hard work

for you and fix your slice without changing your swing or design to improve

appeal to desire for an instant fix, bypassing the arduous process of lessons and

practice. They explicitly state the driver is made for amateurs,

not the pros, which reinforces the idea that this is a specialized tool for

the common player's most common fault. This target approach has allowed them to capture

a massive segment of the market that feels ignored by OEMs focused on tour

level performance. okay how do they acquire customers blah

blah blah but then we also have here the big idea Verola's

first slice fixing driver made for amateurs,

right, position is brilliant in its simplicity and power,

immediately establishes the product as unique,

specialized, and dedicated to solving the single biggest problem for its target audience.

Core promise, the promise is one of immediate and dramatic transformation.

Language like instantly fix your slice and go from weak slices to hitting flush

straight shots and even baby draws just after one shot is used repeatedly.

Right, mechanism of action that I bought their,

you know, square face technology, uhm,

authority and social proof.

Have their pricing, guarantee,

they bonus stack things, right, what customers love.

Marketing promise is so potent that when the driver delivers,

customers are ecstatic. Positive reviews and testimonials. Testimonials often speak of newfound confidence,

hitting fairways for the first time, and a renewed enjoyment of the game.

These success stories are powerful and fuel the brand's marketing engine.

What customers dislike. A considerable volume of negative feedback exists on third-party platforms like

Reddit and Amazon, highlighting several recurring and serious issues.

Most common complaint is that the driver simply does not work as advertised.

Many users report that they still hit a slice, with some claiming it made

their slice even worse. Poor quality and durability.

There are alarming repeated reports of poor build quality.

Users describe the club as feeling cheap and hollow.

Most concerning are multiple accounts of the driver's face caving in or cracking after

very little use, suggesting a fundamental fault in materials or construction.

Performance deficiencies. Beyond the slice, some users who purchased the driver reported a significant

loss of distance, with one user claiming a 20-yard drop compared to the previous

Callaway Paradigm driver. The Trojan horse perception.

A growing sentiment among dissatisfied customers is that the FS1 driver is not the

company's primary product, but rather a Trojan horse or lead magnet designed to get

customers into their main business. A high-priced recurring subscription for their digital training platform

and app, this perception breeds resentment and damages brand trust.

Despite the negative feedback on product quality, the financial success of Performance Golf is

undeniable and serves as the ultimate validation of the market's desire for slice-fixing solutions.

Whatever. But, this is back to, like,

kind of, like, the serum, and obviously we're not doing beauty products here,

this is a physical product, like, a tool,

uhm,

but we got good stuff, right? We got, sort of, like, big ideas,

core promises, we got what people like and what they dislike,

so things we could shit on, if we were trying to do competitive performance

golf, like, we could talk about, you know,

addressing these things as objections, right?

And so on. Uhm,

now we're on bomb tech golf, right? Target,

demo, cool, core messaging,

premium pro quality about the price. This one's got,

you know, Joe Rogan.

Generally positive customer feedback, whatever.

That was not super in-depth, which is why I kind of skipped through it.

Here's

for another

one,

I mean, overall positive, feels as good, if not better, than I think I've

hit. That's a good phrase, right, you could use. However,

a notable and recurring complaint specific to their driver is the extremely loud and

unpleasant sound at impact, which has been dubbed the cowbell by some YouTube reviewers.

Some reviews mentioned concerns about build quality consistency,

build quality consistency, suggesting some customers may need to have their clubs checked and

adjusted by a professional club builder after purchase,

adding hidden costs. But

it's interesting, these other competitors, how they don't have the pain points and the

specific promises like as aggressively,

right, like affordable price,

high quality materials. Okay, fine.

and there's the legacy brands,

primary anti-slicing technology. Adjustability,

face technology, key materials, core promise.

But here it does have core promises from the other brands that weren't mentioned

above, so this is valuable and why I like tables. Right,

fixed slice, creates draw, adds 30 yards, fixes your slice without changing your swing,

incredibly easy to draw, straight out, wayward drives,

extreme forgiveness, confidence inspiring design,

among the best for keeping the ball on the left side,

high forgiveness. Okay, cool. So, there's our,

There are some more things we can use there, and it's gonna make some

recommendations on strategy and things that we don't really need.

So, personally, I'm probably good with this, but,

as you just saw, you could take the same prompt,

or that follow-on prompt, and run it in Perplexity,

right? What we did is we just took, for the Airbnb one,

the same prompt, but with this sort of additional thing here,

so we could just take something like that, add it to Perplexity.

Golf,

right? Let's try that out, just to see how that goes. Okay? What are

the core Basically,

if I were selling a, uhm,

new golf club that adds distance and

fixes a golfer's slice,

I'd be looking for, uhm,

phrases, sentences, fragments that we see competitors repeatedly using that I can use as

well. Please go ahead now. Right? Let's go ahead. Why not?

Let's run that and perplexity2.

There's a perplexity also. Not that there's a perplexity2 to know about.

Uhm. Alright,

export

that as a document.

Pause it. Okay, so I'll save this as a Google Doc. And

then let's do a new. Deep research here.

Okay, this is for the goth one, just so we can see.

Now while we're waiting for that, hopefully this won't confuse you too much,

but. Let's go to deep research for the.

Airbnb stuff, let's just see what it came up with,

right? It's gonna be a table,

that's awesome. That's always what I'm most curious about at the gate,

because tables are super easy. It's not,

okay? Kind of annoying, but I like what Gemini does,

it's gonna be a table. Uhm, no property needed,

use other people's homes,

quit your 9-5 Airbnb. B,

rental overcharge can generate six-figure income fast.

Learn Airbnb arbitrage,

no experience or property needed. Our founder earned 301k,

his first year at Airbnb, learn how to get started.

Financial freedom from using other people's properties,

make six figures on Airbnb in months, but a business that runs on autopilot,

There's feedback, it'd also be helpful.

But zero down real estate,

control properties you don't own, so this is good,

though. ChatGBT is giving me a lot of additional messaging.

I could probably do the same thing for performance golf and get it, right?

So I'll share this example, too. So in that case for the Airbnb

stuff, we found that Gemini was decent at an overview,

but you could argue there's better stuff in ChatGBT,

and this is why I like to say to test different things. Different LLMs,

and even run the same prompt in different LLMs. I do that constantly,

all the time, right? Perplexity is doing this golf one here,

so let's see what Perplexity does for golf,

and then we'll wrap up this module, which, by the way, is turning out

to be as long as the other one. However, the difference being there's not

a second video. This is the main video.

After this, we'll get into psychographic research, then we'll get into kind of stacking

everything together. Later,

you'll also include specific stuff about it.

Like, ingredient research, and, uhm,

other things like that, too. Uh, you know, as later modules.

Okay, thanks. Okay,

let's look at Perplexity real quick, too, right?

So, we've got bomb check again,

Great cost of fortune, fix for slicing at distance.

Significance,

slice reduction, distance gains, great customer service,

value, PXG,

assigned success, explosive distance,

beyond forgiving, blazing fast ball speed.

So, there's some good phrases here. Sub-70.

Accurate

claims, Encore, strength in longer drives,

9% of golfers who try are surprised by outstanding performance,

performance improvements in distance and accuracy.

So, in this case, perplexity is, like, okay.

Okay, right? So,

let's go ahead and run this prop one more time in Deep Research

of ChatTPT and see what we get.

3.0 Pro,

this, run Deep Research,

go. I'll be back to show you the outputs of this one as well.

All right, real quick, because it did take me a this ChatTPT thing where

I ask clarifying questions. 4.

Do you want competitors that only sell drivers or are any other glove clubs

or swing improvement equipment okay too? Uhm,

yeah I'm gonna do, let's focus on drivers for now,

but, uhm, or swing improving equipment

specifically related to longer drives.

Okay, 2. Are you looking for brands

with similar value props or notable DDC golf club sellers?

Focus on similar value props. 3.

Are there any brands you are already aware of that I should include or

exclude? I said you can include performance golf but also any others.

4. International brand, oh sorry,

do you want only US based brands or international brands selling to the US

are okay too? International brands selling to the US are fine.

Okay, so that's that as it goes to do its thing.

Alright, this, I feel like this took longer than 7 minutes,

but here's the deep research report so we can just sort of see what

they have here. They mentioned performance golf,

uhm,

repeatedly promised that a slice can be eliminated after just one shot on the

range at 20-30 yards of accurate distance,

uhm, Complex swing prompts have simple fixes,

5-minute practice swing sequence is touted. They're talking about the one-shot slice fix,

yeah, which is not a driver, but of course. Uhm,

make, make slicing virtually impossible.

Instantly create a deadly accurate straight shot or perfectly shaped draw that flies an

extra 20-30 yards further. The exact opposite of everything you've been told,

question every claim.

Longer, straighter drives,

talking about the one-shot slice fix again.

Bold claims, shape 8-10 strokes from your scorecard,

testimonials, uh,

I'm going to scroll down a little bit here because I want to get

to other competitors I may have mentioned.

Bunch of Core Promises again here, this Bomb Tap.

Bomb it past

your friends,

dual-cavity head design, producing big hits,

uh, hooks and slices.

So they obviously are less aggressive,

but like, we do get some notes here.

Dangerously accurate in the forgiveness.

So, it's good to know, right, if you aren't getting what you need with

Gemini, I probably would honestly, personally skip Perplexity and go right to Chat GPT,

cause I feel like, uh,

this is sort of like, giving me the best stuff here.

And I'm gonna show you this example as well, I'm not gonna go through

every single piece of output,

but like, you can see,

like, here's, here's next, we're getting these, uh,

kind of claims that we would want and that we could use, so,

in this case, we had to do, like, uhm,

you know, a few different LLMs to get what we needed to,

but we got there, right? Thanks. So I will share this as well,

so we have this, okay? Uhm,

and this is gonna conclude our module, I will,

in, you know, after the psychographic one,

I will go through and we'll basically look after that about how to put

everything together, how to stack the awareness,

these sort of claims that people like and don't like and then

I'll see so the psychographic stuff to have like a full-on

research brief that we can use. I'll show you later too, by the way.

You don't have to do all of this, to be completely honest with you.

Like, I've written a winning copy where I,

I'll show you some, some lazy shortcut secret ways later that just skip

everything here, but this is a good way to do it.

It is good but I it helps

to understand, especially the product. I honestly would not skip the product market awareness

thing unless you really know that you know the answer to that.

I think this is a big mistake I've been making recently that I,

since correcting, I've seen better results with. But there's

other shortcuts, but this is like the really,

the longer but really in-depth most ideal way to do this.

So, anyway, we'll go,

I'll see you in the next module on the psychographic stuff,

and then we'll go to stacking it, and like I said, before or later,

we'll get to, like, you know, I'll get bonus research modules on,

like, research, existing customer data, things like that too,

that you can also utilize, okay? Uhm,

alright, thank you so much. Bye.