Alright, welcome back to part two.

Alright, so to clarify on which I'm not gonna

buy, um,

I don't know, again, I think, let me see something.

I think it takes you back to the abritorial every time.

Let me see. No, it doesn't. Okay, so let's save that checkout too.

How do I save David? Yeah, David protein check.

Yeah, let's save that one.

Alright,

let's go to another one. Here's our friends at Happy Mammoth.

They have their nice, long page.

I really feel like I should buy one that I would actually, I'm not

gonna use any of these though, to be honest with you. Let's

buy one. So,

same thing here, we'll just once you get here, it's sort of like a

classic Shopify checkout. Little countdown timer for like scarcity.

You can check out using all the shop options. It's a two-step being what

you put this stuff in and then continue to shipping.

Uhm,

they have testimonials, social proof, right? Why are these here?

Well, it helps to push you over the edge. You're Oh,

man, it's $69. I don't know But then it's like,

uh, hey, it really works. It just further validates the purchase to

push you over the edge, right? That's really just why we're doing these.

You know, I think one thing I might look at is these testimonials are

all from 2024.

I would probably spend a year. One thing I would do if I was

Happy Mammoth is I'd probably update to like get some ones there from 2025.

So I'm not like, oh, is this old? Uh,

like, are people still buying this? Like, you know, being with the average person's

experience, it's not like they know these things.

So there's definitely some person out there that's like,

you know, they saw an ad, they're like, oh, maybe this brand's not around

anymore. Like, oh, I don't want to buy it. Like, you know,

whatever it is. And so such a little thing you can do just to

update a purchase. More recent testimonials.

So this is going to do address. Let me do,

I'll do an old address for this.

That was all right.

That's fine. This is my actual address. So that's cool.

Continue

to shipping. I got a manual address.

Shipping. Shipping, okay. You can do overnight,

two or three days. Continue to payment.

Bill. Okay, so I'm going to go back because I'll actually buy this from,

uh, you know,

to go through, see what the upsells look like. Something I hate at the

shop thing. That's funny.

But whoever's address this is, their phone number is linked to it.

Poor person. Um,

but okay. Let's have you, ma'am. This was just interesting.

Actually, I clicked on an Emma ad where we were talking about advertorials earlier.

And, um, some of the new ads Emma's testing are actually going

to an advertorial, but why?

Because they're trying to do a risk-free free trial. One bottle risk-free probably retargeting

more than new customer acquisition. I don't know. Maybe not, but I thought it

was interesting. We can click on this.

I don't actually want to Whatever is free one That's

weird Okay,

nevermind. So it's trying it was free. I just funny.

I really hate this language cuz I'm like, oh they're trying to get me

to subscribe It's a subscription But when you click on it,

it just goes to one of their landers Right.

So I'm just really nice or PDPs But funnily enough,

it's not actually for a subscription I thought this must be I thought that

page must be I'm like, oh surely You know,

they're testing advertorial to then sell like a one-bottle subscription plan,

but they're not so all the risk-free stuff to me is like And

maybe it works it's worth a test yours because Emma but my assumption would

be Probably doesn't work as well because again,

I just think people are really burned on subscription That's one of your big

takeaways for today's Okay. All right.

Well, let's get a bottle of Emma so I can get that stuck poop

out of me. Okay, so I don't want to donate these to charity or

something Okay, so you got your little selections grab and save or one time

One time what's this gravity pricing better one time,

you know, I feel don't notice this stuff is checked, you know,

but It makes sense to have it.

I mean what? What's the take rate 50% probably?

All right claim your supply now not buy now claim your

supply now it's important it's like The

copy on this button really and people talk about like button changes like the

color and they make fun of it But honestly what is on this button

actually does really matter right like add to cart by now try

it Risk-free claim your supply now if these things actually do make a difference

You know, yeah, I'm sure they tested this a lot they found claim your

supply now to be the best one pack Claim my supply now

Comes here. This is Custom checkout

not Shopify but looks kind of a lot like the Shopify Check

out, right? Okay,

you've got that reserved timer you can see a commonality here Let's look on

mobile in a minute, but I'll look not mobile first your story can be

next. Okay, so they've got these testimonials Again,

push you over the edge. Wow. This is great. I loved it Security

no subscription see no subscription. Nope Open fees.

This is one time right? This is like so important.

I Don't know why other brands aren't doing this that alone if you're a

brand Probably pay for RBC like a hundred times over or many more times

if you're at scale. Okay, um,

what you've got here one bottle Credit

card place to order Try and live it money back guarantee My so guarantee

this doctor is their spokesperson You know,

you're automatically checked in to get

Perched, you know Stay up to date with your purchase that were confirmation I

am curious of this SMS check-in if they actually leave it to that if

they actually do marketing Like which technically they need to disclose here Here's

one other thing that I would always and look at testing on the checkout

if they're able to it comes out of functionality It was Shopify and I

don't think they're using Shopify Maybe they are.

I know I could find out but um One thing I

would like to see is like the option to like switch

to a different amount, right They may have

tested this before But I'm not sure But

it's like if I come here There's one bottle and it's like if I

could see or toggle between one three and six and see that okay three

and Or six is like I'm gonna save more money the price for bottles

lower You might be able to pick up some more AOV here on the

checkout page, right? Let's look on mobile real quick here It's

kind of important here's why it's important right because This one is pretty obvious.

Let me see Happy Mammoth David These

guys are kind of surprising was one interesting thing is they don't have Like

the Checkout field above the fold normally on a checkout You

just get right to the information Again,

the reason why these guys don't have that I think is because they're charging

such a crazy amount of money for a cleaner, right?

but typically

Typically you want to just get ready to gather information Again a conversion and

they put this stuff down below because usually it's more important to like Yeah,

I could remind them what they're saying It also be good if they showed

what they're saving here, which it doesn't have again I don't know that there

are limitations the functionality different checkouts.

I'd like to see what they're saving Prices reserved come down here place your

order now, right?

I would Wonder about again even putting I'm testing things.

I know like, you know, this is not copy but like whatever Um,

I would consider testing putting these things Up higher. I think it's honestly more

important than jeans. I honestly don't think this

has a lot of value. I think that You

already used her, you know in ads or advertorials landing pages video sales letters,

whatever it is. I Don't believe that she I don't believe that this is

so important to give me to convert and the guarantee is important and I

think Reminding me that there's no subscription all that so I would bet Could

be wrong. I would bet Putting this part stuff at least I

don't care if you have to do this whole thing because you're trying to

save space but

Oops This part here like my

bet would be that doing that Where this

is would actually increase conversion is a pretty good amount could be wrong.

I would bet money Probably like a 10%

lift at least my bet.

Okay, so There's our friends at Emma Okay,

this was um the pain report is that Sino cell one So

I haven't muted. I did have it muted.

Let the VSL go All right,

let's see I get Sino cell So let's look at the package

options real quick You

got one bottle, six bottles, three bottles, pretty classic,

six is in the middle $59 a bottle,

$39 a bottle, pretty classic pricing Okay,

they all look good. I get this mind body mind ebooks When

I do this when I get fast free shipping, when I do this when

I get fast free shipping Doctor's choice,

interesting right, support, pain hero Doctor's choice,

interesting title for these things, um

Get the guarantee for all of them, everything like that,

okay? Let's go with a single bottle

because I'm not trying to spend, I'm still going to spend like a f******

grand doing this so, this is one of my RBC sales but

Let's select, save this page

for now, to, single

bottle again, I do wonder if the upsells sometimes,

we'll get to that when we get to the upsells. Alright,

basically the exact same template as like Emma,

right? I mean literally,

I don't think it's the same company,

maybe it is, no this is Conscious, oh it is actually the same company,

I'm pretty sure, cause it's like Conscious,

which is probably Conscious Keto, which is the same thing as Enclave,

which is probably Emma, so, makes sense,

okay? Gonna be basically the exact same checkout,

probably the same thing instead of optimizations, gonna work here,

is here, right? So, I'm not gonna go through this one,

because it's basically the exact same thing, because it's literally the same company.

Uhm, which I know, total checkout,

but now I know, interesting, okay. How about,

this one, this is a capital syndicate thing,

that was like the, uhm,

advertorial, or sorry,

it was like the meta ad, I'll show This

VSL Was

this guy, right, the capital syndicate Went to this advertorial

Advertorial went to this VSL

I don't even know what it is Add

to cart, click here to get started Add to cart,

let's see The capital syndicate digital training course

and bonuses we Arnold scripts and templates capital amplifier broker

portal This is a digital product

available for instant access They probably put that because

on one hand people will think like oh am I getting like Things in

the mail, but they're trying to do a benefit because it's available for instant

access, right? Phone number up here is good.

Do we see that with any of these other people like Emma? They've got

this email,

okay.

Oh My god, that's my whole unhealthy ones from forever ago,

um It's another thing if I'm Emma,

I guess they're not doing call centers to me. That's some shocking because it's

like I Don't know if they've tested this or not But why would you

not let people call in because anyone who's on the fence like right if

you're So here's basically I understand this if you have an affiliate if affiliates

are running to your page They don't want a phone number here.

Why because some percentage of people will call in And go You

know, I have questions and the call center will sell them You'll make money

the affiliate sends you the click sends you the customer and didn't get paid

But if you're not running for affiliates, which I don't think that Emma or

Sinocell does a lot I would probably put a phone number up because Maybe

they've tested it, but if they haven't Probably would get more sales.

They didn't and this is also why Even really big

brands like people who you see crushing it They almost always have plenty of

things they could be doing that would further increase revenue and optimize

And most of the time that's true and I see in CA pro all

the time Like I've got 70 plus businesses all doing between three and three

hundred million a year D to C Mostly kind of EECOM,

DREECOM, hybrids stuff like that.

I help them find wins all the time, right? So

like Yeah,

I don't know I just think uh It's not gonna be testing anyway,

this guy has it, okay

You know, it's fine, if you buy RMBC,

you have the same address as mine, that's cool, right? Okay.

Komodo Certification Authority,

I don't know what, this is fine, I don't know what Komodo Certification Authority

is, but Let's see, set the timer,

right up here, phone number, continue,

that was step one Step two

Okay, your name, your card, information like that Here's what you're about to receive,

lifetime membership to the Capital Syndicate, the five-module Capital Syndicate training course,

done for you marketing scripts and templates Capital Connector call scripts,

sample fee agreement, Capital Syndicate loan checklist,

exclusive access to my broker portal,

secure online software Private equity fund,

Rolodex, special capital, okay, I didn't watch the VSL,

so I don't really know what they're offering, 30-day guarantee Let's provide a great

experience We can contact you,

text you, call you, right Let's

say personal information Words

from fellow students, okay, wow, like, social proof,

FAQs, kind of interesting Doing the FAQs on the checkout Is this a subscription

or a one-time payment? It's a one-time payment,

alright, okay, thank you At least I have it here

Hey, we want to give you an awesome experience You can trust us Here's

all the stuff you're getting, right again The offer bump is interesting Step-by-step guidebook,

okay, so it's $97 dog. Click the guidebook,

$27, okay Here's a really interesting thing about offer bumps I've said this before,

but, you know, plenty of people probably won't have heard me say it Uhm,

while they can add to

the AOV, like, they can increase your,

you know, sort of pre-upsell AOV Sometimes you'll find that when you do

these, the, they actually

hurt your overall final AOV So,

it's important to test this You may be thinking,

well, why? How could, how could that be, Stephan?

Uh, well, the reason it could be

Sorry, I have some kind of nicotine product to satiate me here The

reason it could be Is because

somebody buys an extra thing here, and it's the upsell,

they're like, ah, I already bought something extra The problem with that can be

That I added $27 here. Maybe your upsell is for $100 or $49

or $149 or $97 or whatever it is.

And so Say you get 40% of people

to take this thing for $27. Okay, so like 0.4

So basically this contributes to your AOV

$10.80, okay Cool.

Well, let's say You have an upsell that goes for $97

and you Get 20% of people to take it. Okay,

so $10.80, remember that number

What if you had, you know,

20% of people take the $97 one?

$19.40, right? So Cool,

but what if because of The order bump

Now only,

you know, 7% of people take it

Okay, I can choose $6.79. Now you may be saying,

yeah Well,

plus the $10.80, so $10.80 plus $6.79 It's

like Around $18,

right? True,

but if it was 0.2 here,

you made $1.40 more, so Doesn't seem like a lot,

but it actually does add up, right?

So hence why it makes sense to test these things Because

everyone thinks, the good thing about these offer bumps is that like,

yeah, your conversion rate's high. The bad thing is It could actually make your

AOV lower And depending on what's in your upsells and stuff like that,

you know You may want to reconsider that.

Okay. Alright, cool. I think that was all the checkout examples I wanted to

share Again,

what's cool about this one, and again, if it's a digital product, it makes

sense, is you're doing like the offer stack. Again,

social proof.

It'd be better if it was like pictures of people, probably. Mentioned the offer

bump thing, everything there. Oh, yeah, the phone number,

some of the timer, right? Let's go to mobile,

see what mobile looks like. So

mobile, see, like, right, you got the phone number here,

the bump, the stack is down here,

all these things, right, FAQs, which is helpful.

I still,

again, I'm going to be a dead horse if I be like, you know,

this is a one-time purchase, not a subscription, you know,

blah, blah, blah, right? I still put that every time.

If I'm not selling a subscription,

right? Let me actually do one more thing.

Let's say

I was going

to subscribe and save, right? I'm going to save 13% off,

paying for shipping. So

now, it doesn't say no subscription,

because it is a subscription, right, reoccurring every time.

So, it's not like a huge, really noticeable thing,

but, you know, it is showing you a subscription.

They don't really do a ton of changes, like, oh my god, it's a

subscription. You know,

there's a fine line there, like, you don't really want to hide it from

consumers. Many people have done that. I've made lots of money, but it's super

shady and not sustainable long-term,

uhm, but, you also don't want to,

like, hammer them so much that they're like, oh god, okay, maybe I shouldn't

take this subscription. So, there's a fine line for that,

right? Uhm,

but again, one thing, and just, I don't know if I said this,

but, compared to Happy Mammoth, one thing to note is,

like, how they don't have dates on these, which means they can last longer.

Right? You can argue either way. Maybe the dates, people go,

wow, that's really recent. I actually like dates, but then you kind of need

to update your testimonials pretty regularly if you're going to do dates.

Okay, so anyway, that concludes checkouts.

We will then go and do upsells,

and I'll see you in the upsell module. Alright, goodbye.