All right, welcome again to RMBC 2.

In this first module, before we dive into the

reimagined RMBC method and all the other amazing stuff

that you saw in the intro, we're going to just talk about copywriting

and the state of direct response in 2025. And I'm trying to do this

video in this section so that it's both beginner-friendly

for people who really don't know anything,

and people who are more seasoned vets and who may know parts of this

but also can benefit from a reminder.

And we'll probably, you know, hopefully see some unique insights as well,

okay? So what are we going to be covering?

What are we going to be covering? Sometimes I combine my words and talk

to fast. We'll talk about, you know,

what is copywriting, the two crucial customer journeys you need to understand,

what sales funnels look like in 2025,

the true purpose of direct response marketing,

context is king, or I could even say why context is king,

so why all advertising starts with product market awareness and platform-specific strategies,

and then a little bit about the RMBC. to approach and how it simplifies

complexity and leverages AI.

Now, frankly, you already saw a lot about this in the intro module.

Originally, I didn't know that I was gonna do that intro module and realized

I needed to, uh, and so we'll talk about this a little bit.

Let's just kind of get started, right? What is copywriting?

Okay, and I know there's a lot of stuff on here and you might

reading ahead. I get it.

Try to stick with me. I didn't want to make this into a PowerPoint.

There's just no point. Okay, what is copywriting?

It's like the art and science of writing advertisements,

okay? And so, simple from that context.

Like, there's no magic thing for copywriting. It's just like,

it's writing ads. And of course,

that's a huge part of what RBC2 is about.

But if we think about it, the really important

thing about RBC2, and I think this would be different from RBC1,

is copywriting

doesn't exist in a vacuum. I think in RBC1,

the original RBC, like, I talked about all these different elements,

right? A sales letter, an ad, whatever it was, but I don't think it

was holistic enough. And and, you know,

the change, even since 2020, even though I'd scaled things,

I had all this success, and, you know,

at the time of RBC1, is, since then, I've just scaled more businesses,

really been in the trenches on so much stuff,

and, uhm,

and worked with, you know, thousands of copywriters and hundreds of business owners and

all that stuff, and it's, like, you know, copywriting is cool,

but it doesn't exist in a, in a vacuum, and so many,

especially for you freelance copywriters who are watching,

uh, RBC2, and maybe you're,

earlier on, you sort of think, like,

okay, I write emails for the company, and,

you know, they make money, I make money, I write video sales letter,

I write sales pages, I write advertorials, whatever it is,

uhm,

and even for in-house copywriters, right, like, businesses hire copywriters and say,

write us emails, write this, but it's, like, that doesn't work.

You really need to understand the holistic view and the holistic picture,

which comes back to product market awareness and platform-specific strategies,

and also, what is the journey, right? What is the journey that somebody is

on? And the first journey, and the one we'll focus on mostly in this

video, is the journey from prospect to purchaser,

right? So, that's where they start. They start at point A, they're not a

customer, and then, through your efforts,

which include copywriting, right,

they arrive at point B, which is becoming a paying customer.

And it's really, if we're staying simple so far,

you know, you're writing ads that help somebody go from point A,

not a customer, to point B, they become a customer.

And then, there's a second journey, where they become a,

go from a customer to a repurchaser.

Repeat champion, or just another repeat customer,

right? They already bought once, now they buy again, and again,

and again, and that can happen in an upsell.

So, right after they buy, they're given an upsell,

uhm, hey, buy more stuff, right?

It can happen with email marketing, over the course of weeks,

months, or years, it can happen through SMS,

call set, all kinds of other things we can do, right?

So,

we're going to mostly focus on that first journey in this intro.

We're getting someone from point A, not a customer,

to point B, a customer. And that first journey is often visualized

as a sales funnel, okay? So, this is just one way of looking at

a sales funnel. You know, you've got your advertisement,

maybe there's some organic discovery, or a recommendation from a friend,

whatever it is. Somebody becomes,

aware of your brand,

or product, or service that you're writing for, right?

So, a simple way of looking at it, when they see an ad for

your product, now they're aware of it,

if the product generates their interest, through curiosity and emotional connection,

speaking to their pain point, whatever other thing it is,

they click the ad, right?

They get to your website, they're sold even more,

their desire increases,

right? And it's not just a desire for the product, it's a desire to

solve their pain point. We'll go through all this in depth in RMPC,

don't worry, right? But, their desire to solve their pain point increases,

and hopefully they take action, right?

Uhm,

so this is a classic ADA framework,

right? Awareness, Interest, Desire, Action. They take action,

they buy. Okay,

so like, that's sort of like,

the psychological journey, and as I put here,

how does it begin, what could be an advertisement,

like, right, that's mostly what we'll focus on in RMPC2,

it could be organic discovery, they browse on Amazon,

they Google something and see an organic SEO result,

a friend recommends it, whatever it is.

But we'll focus on advertisements,

and there's like a lot of ways that a customer sees an ad,

right, and the digital landscape is vast,

so they can see ads on Facebook and Instagram,

native ads, TikTok,

YouTube, Google Display, in-app stuff on Shopify,

Amazon, email marketing, and of course even radio and TV.

Now, am I going too fast on this?

And you're like, well, I don't know a lot about TikTok ads.

That's, that's okay. Guess what? We're going to have it covered in RMBC too.

Right, but those are all platforms where a prospective customer might encounter your ad,

and what's really important to understand is that ads will typically look,

feel, and be written differently depending on the platform,

and we're going to explore that in depth below in this,

well, kind of in depth in this video. And then hugely in depth throughout

RMBC too. But for now, let's just say,

okay, they see an ad, and if it's a good ad,

it compels that person to take action. So the ad elicits a direct response,

and that in essence is direct response copywriting.

It's writing ads and other marketing materials designed to get a prospective customer to

take an immediate measurable action,

which could include calling a number,

clicking a link, buying a product, sharing a post,

sign up for a newsletter, and so on. So the point is that they're

taking an action, and the sole criterion by which we really judge an ad's

effectiveness, whether it's good or not, is its ability to get the right kind

of people to consistently take the desired action when they see it.

Okay? So, let's process that for a moment together.

Copywriting is like the art and science of writing ads,

right? Uhm,

and really direct response copywriting is you're creating an ad that

gets somebody, and not just somebody,

but the right person, to take the action we want them to

take. Which, in other words, means we get them to directly respond to

our actions. Directly respond to our copywriting.

That's direct response copywriting.

And we see that a great person, that comes back down to this idea

of product market awareness, which we'll go into very in-depth in the next module

as we begin research. On a broad level,

what we mean is, if I have an ad

for, for a coffee brand,

right? Let's say I have a, uhm, a coffee that also gives you energy

without the caffeine crash, okay? Uhm,

do I want 8-year-olds clicking on the app?

No. do I want people who don't drink

coffee clicking on the ads? Not really.

Some of you might think, well, yeah, because what if they decide to drink

coffee? It's like, okay, sure.

That's hard. I want someone who's like a coffee drinker who

loves coffee, but feels like they drink too much of it and is kind

of thinking they should quit

or cut back, but they don't want to, and they,

but they, they just. just really love coffee. That's what I want to click

on my ad. Okay. That's cool. I want them to directly respond to my

ad. Do I want somebody

who's actively looking for coffee about the crash products to click on my ad?

Yeah, them too. But that's where we understand product market awareness.

Cause it's like, well, what, what are, where are most people going to be?

We'll talk about this more. I don't want to, I don't want to ruin

the next module. But that's like the right person,

not the eight year old who doesn't drink coffee, not the non coffee drinker,

the coffee drinker who loves coffee, but it's kind of doesn't like the negative

effects of it. That's the right person. I want them to directly respond to

my copywriting, to my app. Okay.

So let's assume we have a good app. A prospect sees it and they

respond by clicking. Well, what happens next? You know,

an ultra simplified version. Go to our website.

They add a product to their cart and they check out,

buy, right? Oh my God. Easy peasy.

We did it. We're done. And as they're still like,

there's always a celebration thing. It's just a hold of a second.

We did it. Easy peasy.

And it can be that simple,

actually. Realistically,

it really is. The truth about direct response copywriting and

direct response marketing in general,

is that context is important.

And this is really not just, I mean, when I say direct response,

I'm not talking about the old school, like super aggressive,

hour-long video sales. I'm just saying anything where you're getting somebody to respond directly.

So it's gonna be extremely branded. Super clean e-com,

could be some crazy aggressive shit, like where somebody's using a deepfake of George

Clooney, doesn't matter. I'm not advocating for doing deepfakes.

I'm just saying, like, it could be anything,

any type of marketing that elicits a direct response.

That's what we're talking about, right? Context is important.

So, to understand why,

if we go back to these different ad platforms, like,

what you'll notice is that ads will look different depending on the platform.

And, it's not just that the ad will look different,

it's that the customer journey will be different, too.

So, we can look at some quick examples here. We'll look at YouTube,

okay? You're on YouTube, you're watching a video,

an ad pops up. Well, it's important to think about this.

Why is a person on YouTube?

Why do you

Search engine,

interesting. You're usually going on YouTube.

I may have it down below. But, it's either for education or entertainment.

So, what does that mean for a YouTube ad? Usually,

you'll find that YouTube ads, uhm,

are video, mostly. Which makes sense,

because if somebody goes to YouTube to watch videos,

It makes sense that your ad would be a video,

right? That's congruent. We'll talk about community more in moment.

I want you to watch videos. This is a video.

But I didn't just go here to watch any video. I came here to

watch entertaining videos or educational videos to learn.

So, guess what? Video ads that are more educational or

entertaining, or both, will tend to outperform those.

That was Just aggressively hard sell somebody. And

where do they go after they click on a YouTube ad?

Well, a lot of times, they'll go, not always, but a lot of time,

they'll go to a page on your website that features another video.

Why? Because they're already in video watching mode.

And so, especially if you have a sh- short

video ad and it goes to a landing page, it's a very obvious advertisement.

The spell is broken. But,

if they go to a page that has like a video,

then also had some copy, but the video is prominently featured,

and they can watch it, and they, right, then,

more likely to buy. So that could be a video sales letter in the

classic sense, but it could also be like, it can be a landing page.

But let's look at another example, let's look at native advertising,

okay? So have a whole module, a couple of things,

a lot of things on native advertising. Okay, native advertising though,

is like you're on, wherever you're on,

like, weather.com, and you see,

like, from around the web, and they kind of look like they're going to

be other news articles. So when I say news articles,

that's important, because what, who normally sees in a,

In fact, usually they're reading articles online,

so it's like news, or celebrity gossip, how to guide sports updates,

content related to one of their interests.

So, if I'm doing that,

like I always do, uh, Topeka,

Kansas news. Okay?

I'll make this fast. Alright,

Kansas Supreme Court makes license plate visibility ruling.

Oh my gosh, Top. Big news in Kansas right now,

okay? I think this one will have it.

So I'm reading the news. I'm like a local person.

I'm living in Kansas. Cool.

Sponsored content. Costco shoppers say this wrinkle crea- It was actually worth it.

This skinny drink is going viral. Umm,

mouth wrinkles are no match, but it's a little no drugstore wrinkle crea.

Here's a, you know, drain edema.

Smart way to eliminate fleas. So,

the point is, even though you can feel like they kinda look ridiculous,

turns out they work. Umm,

but if I click on this, if I'm on native, and I'm reading an

article, uhh, uhh, and then I click,

uhh, let's click on BugMD.

Even though this is sort of, like a,

it does show the product right away, the format of it,

of this sales page is kind of like, an article.

Right? It's loss of reading, but I was just on a website reading lots

of stuff. And then I get to a product page.

Okay? What if I click on this,

a demo one? Reveal the shocking kitchen item

causing your edema hint, it's not salt.

Okay? Even though it's not super,

like, long, it feels like an article.

I was just reading articles. That makes sense.

Right? Cause the name of ad kind of looks- is designed to look and

read, like, a link to an interesting news story.

Okay? Overall. Umm,

it's supposed to blend into the surrounding content. Some places do a better job

than others. You'll see that later in RBC2. Some websites.

And so where do they go after they click a native ad? Almost always

to an advertorial. Which is like an advertisement that's crafted to look and feel

like an editorial piece or a news story because it maintains- 18th.

It's congruent. So, congruence is maintaining a consistent feeling,

um,

consistent feeling experience for a prospect throughout their journey from point A to point

B. So again, if I'm reading about the Kansas Supreme Court's license plate visibility

rolling, then I click this ad and the ad takes me right to here.

I'm like, what the f***? Like, why are I reading this ad? Part of

my language, but I'm going to cost an RBC2.

You know, I'm like, ah, I don't know what's going on. Thank come here.

And again, I don't actually love this format, but at

least here it's like,

that's like a mobile because people want me to mobile board.

Yes, it shows this, but it sort of looks like something I would read

as well, okay? And then I'm like, okay,

I'm reading, it's not the worst. I click on that edema thing.

This is gonna go in a video sales letter.

I imagine. Right?

Okay. So if I'm here,

I click on this edema thing. I've got edema.

It goes right to this big thing clicking. I'm like,

heck, I'm not gonna watch a video.

It goes here. It of feels like a little,

another article about the shocking kitchen item causing your edema.

Oh, there's a video about it.

Okay. Like, not perfect,

but it works, and it's still more congruent,

right? So,

the other context element, there's platform specific,

right? So YouTube is different than native. It's different than meta.

It's different than whatever else.

TikTok. Umm.

But there's also the product market awareness element.

So I talked about that a bit before. I'm not going to do too

much more because the next module and research is all about it.

Let's go back to our overarching customer journey. So remember,

we're trying to get our, our prospect from point A,

seeing an ad to point B buying your product or service.

So far, they've seen the ad, they've clicked the ad, they've landed on a

context specific page on your website. Um,

so it could be. Uh,

you have a page of a video after a YouTube ad or an advertorial

after a native ad. And what happens next? Well, it still actually kinda depends,

right? So let's stay on our native ad example to illustrate where they go

from advertorial. And the paths can diverge.

Um, now,

I have this right now, but you sort of just saw it in real

life, okay? So if the advertorial is really long and the product's not super

expensive, then it might go to a product page,

right? I just clicked on these. I didn't have this planned,

so you had the BugMD advertorial.

It's quite long. And it goes to a product page.

And what's the pricing? Switch to one time purchase.

Look at that, 24 each. You can get a single one for $34.

Okay, that makes sense. I just,

all the selling just happens here, right?

I'm super sold. I'm ready to buy.

I don't need a lot of information. Much FAQs in case I missed something,

don't need time information, right? But,

and I can't talk about why here, but it's what I just said.

Let's say it's really short. Okay, this is really short.

Less than, like, 200 words. So

where might it go here? Might go to VSL,

video sales then. Just like an online- Infomercial,

right? Well, obviously talk about VSLs.

Why that? Well, because here, we just want to get them curious.

There's this, you know, secret thing for a DIMA.

But, we're going to do a really long video sales letter,

sign them on. Let me answer one question you might be thinking.

Well, how do I know? Why should I do a VSL?

Or should I do a long advertorial to a product page?

And the answer is, and this will continue to be the answer we'll talk

about throughout RBC2,

is that both probably work? To be honest with you?

Umm.

Fewer and fewer people do long form video sales letters on landing pages.

They still work though. And some people will- Or,

you know, that's what I've grown up on. That's how I was raised.

That's what works. So,

you know, that's cool. The thing is-

And I think I talk about this later, and I know I talk about

it later in RBC2. There is no, like, single right way to sell.

Like, there's some hypothetical

imaginable- imagine, you know- you can imagine this hypothetical optimal funnel that's the perfect

funnel. Perfect information. But you will never have perfect information

or complete information. And so,

all you're doing is like hypothesizing,

guessing, and testing things. So, for brands,

when you're like, do I need a VSL? Maybe.

But maybe not. Maybe long advertorial to a nice product.

That page does enough for you.

Okay. Umm.

Maybe then you test the VSL. Short advertorial to a video sales letter.

There's no magic answer. Again,

I do give you a training. That kind of tells you what the,

helps you select kind of an ideal optimal funnel strategy.

Um, it's important to, art, I guess, 12 or 13 or something.

So, but that's like a,

you know, a baseline, but really you have to experiment and find out what

works best, right? Which is one of the reasons marketing is hard.

It was always hard, but going back to the state of marketing in 2025,

it's especially hard because there's so

much stuff as context specific. like on platforms,

product marketing awareness and all that. It used to be back in the day,

basically any ad goes to video sales letter,

goes to check out and print. But that's like not what you see anymore.

A lot of people who are struggling,

you used to do really well and you struggle now for like business owners,

brands, stuff like that. It's because they're still trying to make that model work

and they're not mentally adjusting to the fact that that that's not reality anymore.

Reality now is that there's a lot of different things that work and often

the video sales letter on landing page isn't one of them.

Again, can work, often not the move,

right? And so marketing changes,

technology changes, platform change, consumer habits change,

psychology changes, all these things change. You have to change too.

So we'll- Spend a lot of time talking about video sales letters in this

course of course, of course, of course,

of course. But, um,

yo, what is it doing? Like, well, on a page, like a landing page

like this one, it's gonna hook a prospect in the first five seconds,

create curiosity, build rapport and establish credibility,

often have a hero's journey story. What does that mean?

Like, it means that I started off here,

I'm a reluctant- hero, I was- here, life was fine,

but something pulled me into action, I was suffering,

somebody I knew was suffering, I noticed that things weren't right,

and so I got called to action to where I had to go solve-

figure out a real solution to this suffering, right?

And in order to do that, I had to find out the real reason

why people suffer, and I found the real solution,

and that's what the unique mechanism- Is, like,

everything I'm talking about will have more detail on that.

You're ultimately a discovered,

created, partnered with somebody to have this product that

was the best manifestation of that solution,

the easiest, most convenient, most price effective,

right? All that. It's got lots of high perceived value.

It should cost a lot more than it does. Bye. But it's going to

be a great deal for you by the product,

okay? That's like, on a really broad level,

what a VSL does, especially an on-page VSL.

Sort of similar for in-feed VSLs,

VSLs that run as an ad on Facebook or Instagram.

But sometimes it's not. And we'll get into the differences for RBC too.

But let's take a- brief pause here, okay? We've- we've started from understanding what

copyrighting is and what direct response copyrighting is.

We've- we're looking at the initial customer journey,

the role of ads, platform context, how different types of ads lead to different

initial landing, uh,

sorry, landing page experiences,

like, advertorials or VSLs. And so we're kind of getting a glimpse into the

strategic thinking that's involved. let's continue our journey.

So once they've gotten to an advertorial or video sales letter,

our product page, we still need them to take another action,

which is adding a product to the cart and then checking out.

And the checkout, there's still work to be done. Cause we gotta get them

to do the crazy stuff on the checkout page.

They gotta enter their personal information, enter their credit card details,

they're gonna mentally prepare to power up their money. you make the final commitment

by clicking in place order. Um,

and so even the copy and the style of the checkout page can bury,

uh, dramatically, which we'll explore more in RBC2,

and I mentioned it in the first sort of overview video too.

But once they do that, the good news is,

we've conceptually completed the first customer journey.

You gain it from point A, not a paint customer,

to point B. And it's exciting,

but you might be saying here thinking, damn, marketing can be hard.

And you know what? It can be. Especially in 2025,

when you consider all of the individual components and how they can be combined

in different ways, right? There's different ad types that go to different pre-sale

pages, but maybe they don't. Maybe they just go to a sales page,

aka PDP. Um,

I put product pages, like, different sales page,

like, we'll get into that later. Check- out flows.

There's, like, a lot of stuff. So it feels like a lot,

but it doesn't really have to be so overwhelming,

because when we zoom out, all we're really doing, I mean,

I honestly could just put, like, Yes, it would look like a BSL

Lander, I would say. Um,

and there's a PDP, like, But,

whatever. Okay. All it really is is, like, add VSL checkout.

That's sort of like the classic model. Still can work.

Add advertorial VSL checkout. Add advertorial VSL product page checkout.

And actually, this is probably the most common

one, used by most of you know,

doing eight figures. But the add might be a video sales letter

add might be sales. Okay.

But the point is, it should be, it is less overwhelming. So the type

of add, all these things can vary, but we're going to cover all that

systematically throughout RBC too.

And I have this info graphic that I created that I mentioned briefly in

the overview of sort of, you may have started this video here.

I just took you through the back. I was of marketing hell,

but you will make it to the other side. Okay.

And while you're doing this journey,

you're going to have a huge advantage, which is that you're going to see

transparency into what already works. And what I mean by that is the simplest

way to write effective copy for any products or service is to just model

what other successful brands selling similar products or services are already doing.

Uh, you don't need to reinvent the wheel, and you shouldn't.

You just need to model off of what's working. And so I talk about

swiping a lot in RBC2, and it's also really the foundation of all of

the copy generation stuff that we do.

So we'll dissect tons of effective copy across every stage of the sales

funnel. We'll look at real examples. We'll see what's working.

And we'll give you the knowledge so you can create some more assets very

quickly. And, Look, I just alluded to,

it gets even better, because thanks to the rise of large language models and

LLMs, and the specific processes you will learn inside RBC2,

it's now easier than ever to write great copy for all these funnel assets,

and anywhere from five minutes, and maybe a few hours of ups.

And yeah, this is a radical shift from when I did the original RBC

back in 2020, because that was a good game changer,

because I showed people how to write a great sale. And I oh in

like a week, instead of eight weeks. It's crazy,

this is five years. So five years ago,

the idea of writing a great sales letter, like a long form video sales

letter, in a week was like mind blowing,

right? Now,

and for me it was like 12 to 16 hours ago, oh my god,

that's dinosaur time, right? You should write a great VSL in,

Like a couple of hours. Umm,

now. You know? I mean,

like I put it here, I could write two to four high-quality VSLs in

a single day. Umm,

you're starting out in my tiki longer, but like,

definitely no more than five days. And even though the idea of writing it

in a week when I did RBC1 and five days is kind of a

week now. But the amount of time you spend will be,

just sp- way less hours doing it. Because it's really more about thinking than

it is with writing. The whole copy-thinker versus copy-writer.

Right? And that's just VSLs with the same prospector,

process, the same,

I guess, acceleration. Sorry, I can't talk,

apparently. Applies to every other aspect of copying too.

This is a huge part of RBC2. It's really not,

RBC1 people were like, oh,

it's really about VSLs. RBC2 is not really about VSLs.

It's about, there's a lot of video stuff, video ads,

short ads, meta, all that. But it's really about the whole holistic marketing

journey for direct-to-consumer, utilizing direct-response,

copyright elements, and other direct-response marketing elements.

And so you can see how to use these different qua, uhh, you know,

tools. So this, I mean, I put 5-10 average photos.

You could do, like, 100 average photos in a day. Honestly.

20-40 good ads in a single day.

Hundreds of promising tools and hooks.

Uhm, I could play an upsell in about an hour.

I mean, more like 15 minutes.

Once you have the process, 5 minutes, you'll see.

Cause I wrote this before I've been created RBC. I made my processes even

better while doing RBC2. Uhm,

You know, emotics isn't an hour.

Same thing. I mean, honestly, like, it's like, it's really like,

like, 10 minutes. I promise you.

Uhm, I guess if you include, like, editing,

changing stuff, like, whatever, okay, maybe it's an hour.

But, you'll get great. Really,

basically, better than what 99% of people are going to write in,

like, 10 minutes, 5 minutes. Once you use these cloud projects and you've done

the legwork in initial time. All this deep research,

umm, Especially on, uhh,

I'm, yeah, just like, actual, the research part.

Like, the, the talk about part one. Uhm,

product market awareness, competitive research, psychographics.

And, yeah, PDPs as well. Okay.

And this is all proven. You put,

put my money, uhh, I'll put my money in my mouth isn't me.

Like, I don't know. Like, I put- Put me to the test and I'm

trying to say, you'll go through RBC2.

You tell me when you're done through this, if I,

if it's not the craziest thing you've ever seen.

It doesn't completely shift the way you view everything of copyright and marketing,

okay? Uhm, and I put it here that,

yeah, we're living in this golden age where AI handles much of the heavy

lifting. And really, it's about your knowledge,

strategic thinking, and confidence as a copyright expert that is a critical and differentiating

factor. Okay? And so if RBC2,

that's what we're going to do. We're going to deconstruct every type of copy

you're likely to encounter. Uhm, matter,

you know, what your role is if you're a freelance copywriter,

an in-house marketer, an executive, a business owner.

You're going to understand the theory, the structure, structure,

structure. All the essential elements. The ability to discern what makes,

you know, good copy versus good mediocre or bad.

And again, plenty of examples. Then we'll accelerate with AI.

You know, you'll be given these specific processes for just generating endless

AI. That's, uh, AI,

like, endless copy-reading outputs that are extremely good.

You know, often times there basically are a final draft.

And to be sure how to think and edit, like, a top-tier copywriter.

But what's cool is you'll see is almost all of that.

Aline is, The way we're doing RBC,

too. And you can do it manually, as well, okay? But,

like, usually it's telling Quad or whatever LM it is.

Hey, this is- it's really- it's ideas.

Hey, this doesn't make sense. You know, we're missing a big idea here.

Let's come up with some big ideas. Some hooks. Okay.

Yeah, that's good. Hey, you know, we said this. I think we'd better if

we did this. Okay? And so,

that's- like I said, I keep saying it. Copy-thinker and I'm a copywriter.

And I know it sounds kind of cheesy, but it really is actually- I'm

so glad I thought of it while doing these videos this morning because that

really is, like, the crucial difference is-

it frees you to think.

And so thinking is important. I can't stress that enough,

right? Like- hopefully,

RBC, too. Helps you think differently.

And helps you think, like, a marketer,

like a strategist, like a copy thinker,

okay? If it doesn't,

that's kind of problematic, it should. But, like, that's something you can be doing

regardless of this course is, like, focusing on how to think.

And there's good books on it. I can maybe I'll do a- a bonus

module or something about some books that- that- that talks to you about thinking.

Um, but you're really a thinker,

right? And so then we get into the outline,

which I went through in part, you know,

the first intro opening of RBC2.

So I'll stop there, okay? Um,

and as I mentioned, we talked about A to B, but then we also

have, from B to C and D and E and F,

right? Upsells, email marketing, how do you get them to buy more?

Or, I mean abandoned cards, technically, are like, they didn't buy the first time,

but we get them to buy, but this stuff's getting them to buy more,

all that, right? Umm,

and it's some different bonuses, and like I said, I'll include more bonuses and,

uh, you know, as we're going. So,

that's it. Right now, you just went through this part,

part 1 Foundations. Now we're gonna get into deep research,

and then mechanisms, and, everything else I talked about in previous video.

So, dive in, get started,

I'm here to support, excited to support,

and uh, LFG,

as the kids would say. Alright,

thank you.