Hey guys, my name's Dean.

Um, I run the software house in Germany

where we build web apps

and also AI optimizations for our clients, um,

called Nocta Do Dev.

And I also run a paid ads agency called Ad xp.

You can find it on Dean Do co.

Um, I've been running Native Ads now for the past six years.

I ran one of the top three campaigns was White in terms

of spend on Native and maybe important to mention,

I still run to this day ads on native,

but everything I I talk about is essentially my own

experience or the experience here we

have here in the agency.

Um, I'm sure no, most of you know already about Native ads

and know it as a traffic source,

but I'd like to cover a few basics before we start.

Um, I think that native is a very powerful traffic source

because much like YouTube, um, users arrive

with like a certain intent and time,

and that essentially means that unlike Meta

or TikTok, you're not trying to pull users out

of their fast scrolling habit.

Native users, they actively choose

to engage with your content.

They click because they want to read

or consume your ADV editorial.

So think about it.

No one opens, um,

their favorite online magazine if they only have like 15

seconds, um, before their cap arrives,

but they will open Instagram 100% and

therefore, um, that's in my opinion, a big difference.

So native really captures attention when people are mentally

ready to consume, and that gives us like a huge room

to sell, to sell something if it's

via short jump page in, like in an example of A VSL,

which we would talk about short, mid,

or long form advertorials.

Um, we go in that, we go into that, into a second.

Um, but that makes like a big difference.

And we have many cases

where we even split tested traffic source, which,

which has like a, which have like a very high intent,

such it's Google search, for example, um,

where we split tested, uh, a top five page

for a certain vertical, um,

on Google search with, um, an advertorial funnel

on native for the same vertical.

And we noticed that the A OV is way higher, um, on native.

Um, yeah,

so the native audience is around like 55 plus, right?

Homeowners. Um, it's a kind

of like high quality traffic coming from.

Um, it,

in most cases publishers like cnn, yahoo.com,

msn.com, et cetera.

Um, the classic,

classic native funnel and user experiences, like I said

before, um,

people come from an ad to an advertorial

and then go to your lead form or, or product page.

And um, that's, I'd say the case

for like 99% of the offers, right?

There are products which are super commoditized, um,

where people really just need that one tipping point.

And then you don't need an ator, for example, PIC nowadays.

Um, people will just needs to be activated on it

and then they will buy already.

They're very aware

and educated that ozempic just in this example,

is the solution for, for their problems or desires.

Um, but yeah, the classic, the classic user journey is

through an advertorial.

Um, we go through that into that in a second.

Um, I think it's

also very important to mention that native,

even though those traffic sources claim, uh,

a different native has no real, real user data.

So unlike Meta or Google,

it's not like profile cookie or pixel based.

Um, essentially it

has no real data.

If someone visits cnn.com checks the,

the lifestyle category, um, clicks on your ad there,

it is more or less tagged from the lifestyle category.

There may be a few more data, data sets they have,

but it's essentially it.

And that essentially means

that you cannot do like a proper targeting

or native, um, so your ads have to do the targeting.

So always keep in mind

that the native audience is in general kind

of like older audience, I'd say like around 55 plus.

And hmm

therefore try to market

an offer which works

and resonates well with the native audience.

It might sound weird, but there are like certain offers

where you can already tell before that this won't work.

Um, for example, if you would ask me,

um, if I would want to advertise

an online course for a 30 day handstand program,

I can tell you already that this won't work.

While, if you would want to advertise a VSL offer for

diabetes, blood sugar, um, this would work very, very well

and I see that day in day out.

A great thing to mention about Native is that

native can use, unlike other big traffic sources, redirect.

So while on Meta or Google when or

or TikTok when you use over the course of a few months,

too many redirects, most likely they will ban your account

or native, it's like the classic, it's the classic funnel

that that, that the marketers are using

Linked so-called Link trackers, um, red Track volume,

K Tower, or Click Magic or else.

And there you can perform a redirect.

And this essentially enables you as a marketer to test many,

many angles and different formats for, um,

for a, for an angle.

Um, at the same time.

And you have like real split tests in my opinion.

If you split test in a separate campaign on meta,

another landing page, um, you have no real split test.

It is maybe a similar audience,

but it's not the same exact audience.

While on native you perform a split test

through your link tracker through the redirects you send.

If, um, one publisher,

let's say cnn.com sends like a hundred clicks,

50 clicks will go to the, to the one page

and 50 50 clicks would go to the other page.

So, um, we use, use that often that we, um,

that we split test for a certain service

or product, um, the angles on different landing pages,

and then even part that angle to another traffic source

because we know already it works

quite well with the audience.

We have some data on it. We see the landing page,

CT R conversion rate, et cetera.

So that's also a great system to use native

if the offer works in general for the, for the audience, um,

as a test more or less for your offer.

And then port the offer the offer plus the angle

to another traffic source.

Maybe also important to mention is

that we have a limited inventory on Native.

It is obviously not as big as as meta with Facebook,

the audience network and also Instagram, et cetera, or,

or Google with YouTube mansion, et cetera.

And therefore, um, you have a limited inventory

and that essentially means that, um,

it's quite difficult to get to a certain

spend obviously anyway, depending on the geo.

But let's say you would put your budget to a hundred KA day,

um, it's quite rare that you would spend

that a hundred k even in a big geo like the US for example,

but at all the stars would be, would need to be aligned.

So you would need to have, I don't know,

a weight loss offer in January, super high, um, CTRs

and CPMs, which I will talk about in a second,

and then you might be able to spend that amount for a couple

of days, but I'm pretty sure this won't hold.

Um, and just keep in mind

that there's like a LI Limited inventory,

and now I'm gonna share why it's so important to have.

Therefore, high CPMs.

Usually on other traffic sources, you want to have low CPMs,

obviously, because those CPMs are more

or less dictating, um, your costs, right?

And on native it's the opposite.

You want to have high CPMs

because following that logic, high CPMs mean

you have a higher Hispanic potential,

but you don't want to have high CPMs based on

high CT CPCs.

You want to have high CPMs based on high CTR

and low CPCs.

So we make sure we are always on target,

and that's more or less the golden formula.

You want to have like high CPMs with high cts

and low CPCs, and we'll go through that in a second,

and I show you how you can do that for almost every vertical

where it works for the native audience, just like I said

before, but it's just something you would always need

to keep in mind when running on native ads.

I think it's also quite interesting to understand that, um,

since native doesn't have, um,

so much user data

or doesn't, doesn't, um, doesn't have so much, um,

insights on the audience, et cetera, um, it also means

that you're essentially, you'll always understand what's

going on in the per like performance wise.

I think everyone who runs Google, like YouTube ads

or meta ads, they know how it is

that you are getting like on a one on one day,

a super strong, um, audience pocket

while on the following day you, you are being punished with,

I don't know, high CPMs because of a bad user comment and

therefore you have like terrible CPAs, um, on native,

it's different on native.

You will see all the time,

you can do like the breakdown in your link tracker

or in the traffic source itself,

and you can understand where the traffic was coming from.

Did it convert or not?

Do I want to increase the bit on that, uh,

publisher in particular or not.