I'm actually gonna change this.

So computer sound comes outta my computer too.

Um, now a lot of you guys might note a, you know,

a decent amount about VSLs, maybe rent a lot,

maybe whatever.

I would still really encourage you as we do these sort

of sessions over the next several weeks to pay attention

and have humility in a way.

Be humble. I try to do that.

I mean, you know, my, one of my reputations, I guess is,

is one of the best VSL writers on the planet, right?

Um, I've written like a s**t ton

of really successful VSLs and tons that are bombed too.

Um, but I really try to, I

feel like I can always learn stuff from other VSLs

and from studying them and looking at the structure, um,

you know, also like what are they doing that's interesting?

Uh, things of that nature. And so

the only people I really see continuously struggle

with VSLs are the ones

who kind of feel like they know everything.

And so they don't implement.

Like they don't, they don't, they're closed off to,

to making adjustments and tweaks.

Um, and so, you know, keep that in in mind.

So let's talk about like a really basic structure

for A VSL, right?

There's sort of like a hook

or you can call like a micro lead.

And today we're gonna talk about structure.

We're gonna look at sort of some examples.

Um, and

that's really the primary thing we're gonna do today.

We're not gonna go super deep into any one part of A VSL

because we'll do that in a subsequent ones.

I just wanna get your mind thinking about the structure

and I'll probably riff on structure a bit more.

Um, there's like a h****r, a micro lead.

I'll show you what that means in a second.

There's an actual lead,

there's a background story typically, um,

a story about who's speaking the spokesperson,

their credibility and an origin story.

Um, and I'll explain what all this means.

There's some kind of discovery.

Usually there's a unique mechanism

of the problem and solution.

We did talk about mechanisms a little

bit in a previous call.

Um, you all can see that in the recordings

that are in circle, but we're gonna talk

about a lot more depth as well.

And how, specifically in the context of A VSL product build

and reveal closed and FAQs.

And I have some examples here from different formats.

Um, we'll come back to the shortest ones

because they can have a little more deviation.

But we'll look at like this sort of 15 minute VSLs

and we'll look at specifically is, you know what a lot

of people including in this mastermind are doing these days,

is running these sort of mid length, let's call them

VSLs in feed, right?

And what is in feed. So I running 'em as Facebook ads.

So one example of a company that's doing that a lot is Nero.

If you've heard of Nero, I'll link to their,

the ads library in this chat so you guys can have it.

And they're a good one to like look at examples of,

'cause they're, you know, they're doing decently well.

Sorry, I need to make that chat giant.

Um, and also they have a really interesting mix if you look

of it at it, of like 15, 60 minute long VSLs

and like six minute long ones, right?

So for example, let's see,

say goodbye to a demon in your legs.

I'm sorry, I took into my headphones. I thought I turned

them off, but apparently I didn't.

So one second

should be off.

Now pass up, pass there.

Say goodbye to edema in your legs.

Try this trick tonight and see what happens.

Here are three early signs of edema.

One is random swelling that comes

and goes, especially at the end of the day

or after physical activity.

Two, feeling of heaviness or tightness.

Your legs suddenly feel like they're stuck in the mud.

This sensation can occur even without any visible changes.

And three restricted range of motion.

As fluid starts to accumulate,

there may be a slight decrease in

flexibility or range of motion.

That sounds like you, you need to hear this.

This is the best way to relieve edema and swelling.

All right, we'll come back to this script in a second.

What I wanna show you real quick is find another one

of these that I just had.

Okay, so that was like,

well now I want you to watch it like this one, right?

This is why people with edema are switching

to this genius, affordable device.

Doing this can make your edema worse.

Here's how to solve it. This is the truth many people don't

know, but the truth that everybody should

know about their edema.

What if I told you edema

and leg swelling are actually caused by your calfs?

Sounds counterintuitive, but it's true.

You see the calfs play a crucial role in

your blood circulation.

So much so that we often refer to them as the second heart.

Your actual heart sends blood all over your body,

including your feet, but your calfs are responsible

for sending that blood back up

to your heart against gravity.

Now here's the problem. As you spend many hours daily

sitting, and as you continue to age

and become less physically active,

inevitably your calfs get weaker When this happens,

they can no longer send all the blood from your

lower body back to your heart.

So some of it stays stuck in your feet.

This buildup of old stale blood can cause edema

and swelling in your feet and ankles, making it expand more

and more, which causes your legs

and feet to become swollen and stiff.

It even gets to the point

where every step feels like they're about to burst

and your legs feel heavy,

like they're stuck in the mud making you unable to move.

That sounds like you, you need to hear this.

This is the best way to relieve edema

and swelling fast. It doesn't,

Right? If anyone notices,

like if anyone's ever looked at like

golden hippos, like Gundry MD ads, right?

Essentially what they're doing in the model, you know, here

for their medium length VSLs is like a different sort

of like hook or a quote unquote micro lead

that's gonna bring you in a different way, right?

So one of them, uh, the first one

was like you say goodbye to edema in your legs.

Try Triton tonight and see what happens.

And then they had this little hook of like, or,

or kind of like the microwave of here are three early signs

of edema, right?

One is random swelling that comes and goes.

Two feeling of heaviness or tightness.

Your legs feel your second mud.

Um, three restricted change of motion.

It sounds like you need, you need to hear this.

The best, uh, way to relieve em is swelling fast.

It doesn't matter whether it goes.

And basically this is like where the start

of like the quote unquote lead goes

or look at it more structurally in a moment without,

this is the second one that you guys that we just looked at

and watched, right?

So here it's like, this is why people

with edema are switching to this gene supportable device.

Doing this can make your edema worse.

Here's how to solve it. And then it talks about calves

and it's sort of like, and it educates a bit.

Calves are like your second heart,

which is kind of interesting.

Um, and then it goes back to, if it sounds like you need

to hear this, this is the best way

to relieve edema, swelling fast.

And so essentially like the root of the sales letter,

it's not formatted in this one,

is gonna basically be the same.

Um, but the, you know,

the intros are just sort of like different.

And they're testing that. The reason I like their ads

library is you'll see they're, they're kind of beasts about

just testing tons and tons of different little hooks

and openings, as are some of the other people in our

mastermind who I know are doing pretty well.

And that's sort of like the format that is working best

for most people today.

Now we'll talk more about media buying formats, you know,

some other call because again, like, what about YouTube?

What about native? What about, you know, whatever.

That's not what we're gonna focus on right here,

but I wanted to share these guys

as someone you can go look at for their scripts

and their different copy.

It's important though to also note like, you know,

if you just swipe one, like we had a member kind

of swipe them, but they just picked one video

and I really thought that that video wasn't very good.

And um, so yeah, you wanna kind of see like the different,

like hooks and then going back to the, the root of it.

So if I have this up, which I'm gonna pull up to here,

and I'm gonna have my little kind of structural thing here,

and we'll go look at a longer VSL in a minute.

We look at like our simple kind of

outline here, like so to speak, right?

So because your hook

or your micro lead, your lead, your background, a discovery,

often I'll kind of explain the context of that

unique mechanism stuff, product built

and reveal closed and FAQ.

So let's actually just go through this and,

and look at this script

and we're gonna kinda kind of go line by line, right?

So again, micro lead.

Say goodbye to your, uh, to edema in your legs.

Try to start tonight. See what happens.

Here are three early signs of edema, random swelling,

heaviness, uh, restrict range of motion.

Okay? That's your micro lead. Now here's the actual lead.

And what we'll do here is I'm gonna share all these things

with you, is like,

this is my more in-depth sales letter outline.

And so we're gonna go through each of these parts in a lot

of detail, uh, over the weeks to come, right?

As far as like what the lead accomplishes,

the background story, the unique mechanisms product build

and reveal the close.

Um, and then like your FAQs as well.

But for now, let's keep it really simple

and let's just look at, okay, like what the lead

and basically like the lead,

I would just say for now, right?

You're sort of calling out a pain point promising a

solution, creating curiosity, right?

Go more depth, right? This is so, um, you know,

if you're in pain, basically this is the best way

to relieve edema and swelling fast.

It doesn't matter whether the swelling is in your thighs,

calves, ankles, or feet.

It doesn't matter whether you've been struggling

for three months or three years,

nor does it matter the size of your legs.

Over a hundred thousand Americans use it to relieve edema,

swelling, and stiffness in their legs quickly and naturally.

This breakthrough solution has already become a total

social media sensation.

Hi, my name is Dr. Jeremy Campbell

and I'm a doctor of physical therapy from Chicago.

I've had, I have over 10 years of clinical experience

and clocked in well over 10,000 hours throughout my career.

I've helped over 1100 patients overcome all

kinds of foot problems.

Uh, lymphedema, edema, neuropathy, planter fas,

fascitis, you name it, I've seen it all.

Anything from mild stiffness and swelling

to people struggling with varicose spider veins to edema

so bad, you can barely recognize

what part of the body you're looking at.

Wasn't just until earlier this year that I was truly shocked

that I, um, that I truly cracked the code

to provide relief from edema.

And I'll start with one breakthrough discovery I had.

Okay, I'm gonna come back to this in a second.

So I wanna double check one thing to see what,

make sure I'm not gonna say this anymore.

Yeah, okay. Right?

So if we look at it again, we had our micro lead here.

This is a shorter VSL, right?

So it's kind of a quick lead, right?

Like this is a promise, it doesn't matter.

Like, you know how long you've had the problem.

Here's some social proof like, you know,

this is gonna get you like it is a very short like lead.

So they go like micro lead, very short lead.

People sometimes think their leads have to

be a thousand words long.

They don't always, um,

little more social proof if you go here.

Background, credibility, origin story.

Okay, well here's the credibility. I'm Dr. Jeremy Campbell.

I'm a doctor of physical therapy.

I have over 10 years of clinical experience, right?

I've helped a lot of people. Um, anything

that you're dealing with I've been able to help.

But then we get to this little discovery, right?

It wasn't until earlier this year that cracked the code

to provide relief from edema.

And I'll start with literally a

breakthrough discovery right?

That I had. And then, you know, if you're struggling

with these things, um, you know,

you may have something called venous insufficiency.

So we're talking about the start

of a unique mechanism of a problem.

Here we start it, right?

Like, hey, if you have these issues,

this is what might be causing it.

This is the real cause of your problem.

It's a condition where the veins in your calves fail

to send the oxygen star blood back up to your heart.

The result, this results in blood pulling around the area

of your calves, feet and ankles,

which ultimately causes swelling, stiffness, and soreness.

It can happen when you sit your desk

for too many hours every day.

But it can also happen when you stand for too long as well.

Your skin may feel like it's overstretched

and about to burst any second,

making every step heavier than the last.

Like your legs are stuck in mud.

You don't have to keep using that line, right?

Um, but you're not alone.

Recent research shows that over 25 million individuals in

the US alone struggle with venous insufficiency

and the number increases every year,

but it's only half the answer.

So they've got a two part unique mechanism

and we're going to, we'll go deeper on all these things.

I want you to be familiar with the structure.

Here's the little known fact that very few people know

about, but everyone should know about their edema.

But eventually you, that the edema swelling in your feet

and legs are actually caused by your calves.

That's right. Remember we saw the calves in

that other hook too, right?

They tested it there. Uh, that's right.

Your feet may be perfectly fine.

Your calves are the problem. Lemme explain further.

Do you know that we doctors refer

to calves as a second heart?

That's because they play a crucial role in your

body's blood circulation.

You see, your real heart sends blood all over

your body, including your feet.

Getting your blood to go down to our feet is easy.

It's like sliding down a slide, but getting back up.

It's like climbing back up the slide.

Your heart can't pull all that blood back up by itself.

That's where the calves help with this big job.

When your calf muscles contract,

they compress the vein valves in your legs

and push the blood from your feet

back up towards your heart.

That's why we call the calves the second heart.

They single handedly maintain normal blood

circulation in your lower body.

Now here's the problem that I don't see.

I'm talking about as you sit for hours every day continue

to age and become less physically

active, your calves get weaker.

As they get weaker. They

don't contract the way they used to.

So the veins in your calves that are responsible

for pushing the blood back up

to your heart tend to weaken as well.

This causes venous insufficiency, as I mentioned earlier.

When that happens, your calves can no longer send all the

stale, old stale blood from your

lower body back to your heart.

So some of it stays stuck in your feet and legs.

Now the split up of old stale blood can cause swelling in

your feet and ankles, but can also lead

to more serious foot conditions if left untreated.

So, and by the way, this is a nice part here.

One thing, and again, we're gonna go in more detail.

I keep saying that. I'll say it a million times

until you're really annoyed with me.

But I will say one thing here with the unique mechanism,

when you have that part, one nice thing

that people can do is stopping to just sort

of sum it up again, right?

So we just explained like the real cause

of this problem you have, right?

It's like venous insufficiency

and it's actually caused by weakened cal muscles, right?

Because they can't, and by the way, it's a good mechanism.

'cause we did talk about mechanisms

before, so I'm gonna assume you

know a little bit about them.

But it's a pretty good mechanism

because it's pretty easy to understand.

It's like, you know,

your heart pumps blood down down your body,

your calves are supposed to pump blood back up.

But if your calves are weak or weakened, blood can't pop up

and pump up and set.

It pulls in your calves and your feet and it swells, right?

Like I literally just was looking at their stuff today.

I haven't spent hours dissect either copy,

but I'm like, okay, I get that.

And that's a really good thing for a unique mechanism.

Like, um, 'cause another thing people try to do

with unique mechanisms is they become over complicated.

They start kind of talking about like one mistake.

What people will make is like, you know, your calves

and specifically there's like, you know,

five muscles in your calves.

There's these five muscles and they interact

with this tendon that's called this.

And when this tendon happens, a hormone is active, right?

People start trying to do way too much s**t.

And there you need mechanisms,

but you don't need to do, right?

Even for a longer VSL, you don't need to do that.

Like, what you just need to do is like make sure that it,

that it is logical, it makes sense,

and that somebody sees that and goes like, oh wow,

okay, yeah, I get it.

Right? So I have edema and I've got blood pulling to my feet

and legs and they're all swollen.

I got KLEs and stuff, you know, I'm on one

of those scooters at Walmart 'cause the

walking is, uh, too painful.

Like, you know, and I'm like, oh wow.

So my cal muscles aren't pumping blood back up.

That's what's causing my edema. I didn't know that, right?

Like it's so it's actually a really great mechanism

for these guys, okay?

Um, and then they sort of repeat it, right?

So I said before starting to see all of this fit together,

weak calves cause your vein valves

to weaken those weakened vein valves fail

to send old oxidated blood backups your heart,

which ultimately causes the blood to pull

around your calves feet

and ankles, making, uh, your legs swollen and puffy

and feeling like you're stuck in the mud, right?

So it's like, again, they just sort of summarize

that unique mechanism right there.

Okay? And also, I wanna note,

I wrote this out before I even looked at the script.

I just knew it would follow basically.

Um, I mean I highlighted the first two parts of it,

but it's like I kind of just glanced at super fast.

I'm like, oh yeah, like, because this,

because basically almost every,

especially any consumer product, you know,

we'll talk in future calls really specifically about if

you're doing, you know, info, high ticket, uh, other things,

obviously there's nuance, but for any kind

of like consumer physical product, um, you're basically

always following the structure.

And I'll show you that an example in a minute.

Um, most people don't even notice

that they have these early symptoms.

It's actually the leading cause of why people over 35

struggle with stiff and swollen legs

and heaviness described as having legs stuck in concrete.

And while most of the wannabe solutions they're trying

to relieve swollen by focusing on the feet,

they totally miss the fact that it's weak calves

that are the hidden culprit.

And that's also why popular remedies

of the compression socks, salt baths

and different pillows can't solve the problem.

They don't focus on stimulating your calves at all

and the vein valves inside of them.

So if you wanna get relief from edema in your feet and legs,

and if you wanna reduce the swelling, stiffness,

and aches, you need to stimulate your calves

and the vein valves in your calves

to reduce the elbow full blood

in your calves, ankles and feet.

But how do you do that? So which part are we talking about?

Now we're talking about the solution, right?

We just told 'em the problem like, well, if

that's the problem, here's how you wanna solve it,

but how do you do that, right?

Um, and then this is where we're gonna get into that part.

Most experts will tell you that you need to move

or even start exercising.

That's great advice, don't get me wrong.

Physical activity does wonders for civilian,

the vein valves in your cals.

But let's be honest, when you struggle with edema

and your feet are all swollen

and painful, moving around, let alone running

or exercising is just not possible.

So you end up in this vicious cycle of agony,

your legs are swollen and painful, and the best way

to relieve it is to activate your muscles,

which can be done, only be done by moving around,

but you can't move because

your legs are painful and swollen.

So your feet and legs continue to expand,

like balloons ready to pop, see how it works.

That's why most people never really solved this problem

and are stuck bedroom with painful, oversized clown feet

and legs their entire lives.

Luckily, there's now a better way.

So which part do you think we're gonna get to here?

We're gonna get to the product buildup

and the reveal, right?

So this is, you know, here's the solution,

but you know, you can't, if the solution is like just walk

and exercise, we don't have much

of a product to sell, right?

If the solution was for a supplement

and you're like, oh, this solution's

ashwagandha, go buy it on Amazon.

You wanna have a product to sell. So what you'll notice,

and we'll talk about this in more detail, uh,

and we get to the mechanisms, is like one of the things

of the solution, one of the underlooked sections in the VSL

is like after you share the solution, you know,

being really clear about why somebody can't just go get an

outta the box version of this solution, right?

Like, why can't I just go buy it at Amazon?

Why can't I just go to the gym? Why can't I just go buy

different groceries or organic foods?

You know why? Even for like input products, right?

Why can't I just go hire a

coach who's gonna help me with this thing?

Why can I do? Right? And we explain that.

And so that's what they're doing here with the, you know,

why the solution, this is like

the, the idea of the solution.

But you can't just go buy an out of the box version.

But fortunately our other out of the box solutions,

you can't go buy, but you can buy ours, right?

Luckily there's a better way.

This is the quickest way

to relieve edema and swelling your legs.

It doesn't require exercising

and it doesn't matter how old you are

or how bad your current condition is.

And doesn't matter if you've already tried

everything else with no results.

The simple affordable, doctor approved bedtime ritual

that you can do at home has the power

to stimulate the vein valves in your calves

and relieve the blood swelling as, uh,

if you let the air out of balloon has nothing to do

with existing solutions,

that compression socks ing your feet using salt

baths or taking water pills.

This is completely new, completely different

and completely unlike anything out there.

I didn't even know what the solution existed.

But then one night while going

through some old research studies, I went down a rabbit hole

and stumbled upon a series of studies on the topic

of neuromuscular electrical stimulation or m

and MES for short.

Um, and I guess you could almost argue this is a two part

UMS mechanism of solution here

because it's sort of like this is a solution

as a broad idea.

Here's like the actual, like, you know,

we're building up like what, like

how did they actually find the solution?

We're gonna sell 'em, right? In this case,

you basically found this idea called N me NMES.

Um, it basically like was found to reduce edema

and results across studies showed

what it did, uh, what it does.

So I want read, if I had to read the entire sales letter,

it's like, well, what is NMES?

Well, basically it works

by emit targeted low level actual impulses

that penetrate into your calves.

Um, place your feet on a pad made from a special connective

material connected, you know, connect your controller.

Um, and essentially it just mimics this natural pumping

of your calves and sends blood like about, right?

And then we go to here, okay, I guess if again,

maybe you could argue there's a two part to this.

Again, out of the box solutions aren't gonna work,

they kinda do it twice in the sales

letter, which is interesting.

Um, right?

Like basically most of these devices are not user friendly.

They include numerous wires

and lack of user manual makes a setup process a nightmare

that immediately discourages you from using it.

Um, and basically there's a bunch

of other reasons why they don't work, right?

Um, so it got him thinking, this is really,

we're getting into that final kind

of like final push of the buildup, right?

What if I could take the same groundbreaking technology the

top doctors use to temporarily reduce the excessive swelling

and put it in a simpler, much more affordable device we use

every by everyday people at home.

This was a herculean task. I knew I can do it alone.

I'm just a doctor. So I partnered

with a US biotech startup called neuro.

Um, and this is also a common format you'll see

with like a spokesperson who's like, you know, credible

but they're not the founder of the company.

It is like, well, like

what if I could, you know, bring this to people?

So I partnered with the company that actually did it, right?

These guys are known for making some

of the best pain relief devices that have helped more than

300,000 men and women across America.

My idea to make this technology available

to everyone was even remotely possible.

I knew that these guys were the ones to do it.

So I went ahead and I got to work.

This part I hear about the product build is actually quite

important too, is like you do want,

like we've tested this a lot with VSLs, we've written

where like on a really short VSL, which we'll talk about,

you know, later as I keep saying like, um,

but like, you know, you might not have a bunch

of the struggle, but for anything mid length

or long length, like having that sort of, like,

we tested a bunch of things, like we tried different stuff.

Like we had to go through a bunch of variations.

Like that is a pretty powerful part of the copy.

Like, I, I kind of under going back to being humble

and continue to be a student, one thing that I've sort

of found is like, I wanted to skip over this part

and be like, you know, and I, you know,

we created a device and here it is, right?

Or for supplement, like I took all of them together,

the ingredients, combine 'em

together and have a formulation.

And like I've just found that does not convert as well

as when there's this sort of like,

struggle of trial and error.

And I guess it's sort of like the classic, you know, the,

the innovator, like the myth of the innovator,

the inventor tinkering in the garage, whatever,

what have you type of thing.

People just whatever, like they respond this idea, right?

Of like, we meticulously analyze customer market data.

Um, you know, we built three prototypes.

We share the prototypes like with existing customers.

They all worked, but they weren't good enough.

So we created three more.

They were better, but they were expensive.

We kept repeating the same process, right?

It was all b******t, right?

So, you know, take up a grain of salt,

obviously if you can try to make it as real as possible,

but I doubt they really made like nine prototypes.

But it's like that story is so

like powerful like months passed

by when none of the show for our work.

This is one of those things where

I think this is actually really important.

For those of you who already write VSLs, like I really think

probably some of you do the same thing where you're like,

I just wanna skip through this part.

Who cares? But I'm telling you, people really care.

Every good VSL, not every

but the vast majority that I've seen, including the ones

that we've written in the last year

or two years, um, when you really play this up,

it just converts better and it's like a crazy part.

So if there's one takeaway from this whole thing

for someone who's already writing pretty good VSLs

is like having like this whole like trial and error.

Like I wanted to give up, right?

Maybe the technology wasn't ready,

but this voice in my head said like, you know, don't stop.

Like if we pull this off, we'll help thousands of people.

Like it's so much.

Um, so we kept going, working around the clock,

another three months, um, of 12, 14 hour work days.

We did it right. We created compact, easy to use,

and most importantly an affordable

device that leverages the same.

Uh, and that MES technology,

I think it's probably a transcription error there.

Uh, finally I felt confident that we had built the best ally

for battling Edma.

An ally, an ally that doesn't judge

or complain when that's available 24 7 at home at work

or when you're out and about giving you the confidence

that the next time a some flare of eima uh, tries

to hijack your day, you

know, it can be shut down within minutes.

Introducing my brain child, the neuro MES foot massager.

Woo. Okay, so now we're through the close, right?

And what is the close doing? The clo close is really just

gonna tell you what the product is, why it's so valuable,

why it's special and unique.

Obviously they already did a lot of that build up a valuable

miss in that, you know, product built and reveal section.

Um, but like, you know,

and then they're gonna obviously give you cost to action to

what the price should be, type the guarantee

and do everything they can to get you to sell right?

For a device. There may be also some sort of technical

specifications for a supplement.

You might remind them of like what the capsules are made of.

Are they vegan, are they like, you know,

like do they have additives and fillers or are they natural?

Like if is a flavor, you know,

really talking about the flavor, right?

Stuff like that. Like in this case we're saying, you know,

basically like a, like a very clear summary of what

the device is and what it does, right?

Relieves swelling, stiffness,

and pain in your legs, casts ankles and feet.

Um, we're talking about sort of features.

Are you talking about features and benefits?

Like the features here and tying them to benefits, right?

It's made from a specific soft rubber design

for optimal electrical connectivity,

enhancing its effectiveness and comfort.

Um, it shows you the lines of kind of how to use it,

what you need to do for a device, right?

There's a made of a special silver

and carbon threads, which are great conductive elements.

Um, and then another great thing

that close would do is allow future pacing.

Right? From the moment you put your feet on the neuro

and MES foot massager, you'll immediately feel powerful

electrical impulses spreading through your feet and legs.

These impulses penetrate deep into your muscle tissue

mimicking muscle contraction.

This rhythmic contraction

and relaxation of muscle tissue pushes the pulled

blood up from your legs.

'cause remember, that's the real cause of your problem.

So we're saying very explicitly this thing causes,

fixes the real cause of the problem.

There are several clinical studies, right, showing

that this helps basically.

And with consistent use, it can help stimulate your blood

circulation and your entire lower body,

which can help reduce swelling and stiffness

and allow your legs to

function normally without limitations.

No more struggling to find shoes that fit comfortably.

No more shame because your legs

and feet look like two balloons.

No more pain and discomfort that keeps

you trapped in your own body.

I'm telling you right now, there's not a single aspect

of your life that won't improve once you start stimulating

your vein valves in your calves.

And I want to just reiterate what I said about future pacing

and sort of like another commonality I've really found with

closes that do really well is like really taking time to

continuously remind them

of like all the ways their life will be better

with this product, right?

So like, no more of these pain points

and they're telling them what's gonna improve,

everything's gonna improve, right?

Your work life, your social life, even your marriage,

everything's better when you're not held back by edema, pain

and swelling and all it takes is 15

minutes per day to notice the difference.

Um, you know, one that does a really good job of this is,

uh, Lene, which is like a sort

of ClickBank aggressive weight loss offer, right?

That was like number one for quite a while.

I have a transcript that I can share, you know, put in the,

the Google Drive, uh, for you guys again, like, you know,

aggressive ClickBank offer.

But, um, they had

so much future pacing both in like the lead and the close.

It feels like almost excessive,

but it's another thing that I've generally found is like the

more dimensionalization meaning,

like the more you're painting a picture of

how much better life will be with this

and like, really like, like kind of taking your time there

and really talking about like just, yeah,

I guess the improvements and, and,

and really all different places

and aspects where your life will be better.

Uh, it's another one of those really kind

of softing things in A VSL that just seems

to almost always improve the conversion rate.

Um, so, you know, in addition to like the, the trial

and error to and struggle during the project build

and reveal, like, you know, there's a limit to it.

If you have like paragraphs and pages and pages

and pages of dimensionalization and,

and future pacing, you might be like being excessive,

but you do want to check in your close and,

and you know, also the lead.

Um, are you really paying a picture

of like how much better life's gonna be?

And they go really hard in the clothes on this, right?

Um, I would go as far as to say

that you'll feel the difference

the very first time you try it.

Your legs will feel better than they fall in years, right?

Period. Now the best part setting up is a breeze.

'cause again, this is a product you have to talk about

that stuff physical like device.

It's easy as 1, 2, 3.

They're telling you exactly how to use it.

Um, by the end, your legs will feel much lighter

and swelling will go away for a while.

Trust me. You will not just use it once a day.

I guarantee you, once you taste, get a taste of

how good it feels, you'll have the device on constantly.

Like my mom, this is kinda a testimonial

when they're not subject testimonial.

She's mentioning his mom, she uses it

for swollen legs at least three times a day.

She absolutely loves it. She

barely leaves the house without it.

Um, and that's another benefit.

So again, more benefits, like it's

compact, you can take it out.

But going back to that future pacing again, right?

Imagine finally you're gaining control over your life again,

imagine feeling confident in your own body

and being proud, not ashamed of your feeling legs.

I also say you better get used

to getting weird looks even from your close friends.

Um, but listen, don't worry about it.

It can be intimidating for them to see you suddenly happy,

confident and comfortable in your own skin, right?

It's kind of over the top.

It feels like almost as ridiculous. It's so excessive.

But like, you gotta think about the emotional state

of a person who's got someone who's got like awful

circulation and big ass like cans and calves

and like edema for like years.

Like, they want to hear this, right?

Like they wanna hear, I mean,

hopefully the device works really well.

I don't know, I don't have DS haven't bought it,

but like, you know, you can pick your level of, of kind of

how hard you go between the and the paint, right?

But like, they want to hear this stuff.

They want to be told that, you know, that, that they, they

like, we might feel cynical,

but like for them they're just like, they want someone

to tell them like a voice of hope, right?

Um, that feeling, that feeling is priceless.

It's the kind that's the kind of result I want you

to experience, right?

It's already changed the lives of thousands of people.

C edema paying this swelling, it can change yours too.

So now I said before we go into like this price

justification, like how much, well it should cost tons

of money, but guess what?

It's not going to right. Another commonality you see in

almost every close ever because it just works.

So just think about for a second,

how much is getting fast relief

from swelling in your legs worth?

How much is enjoying every moment of life?

That little bit more? How much is waking up every day in the

morning and feeling confident in your body worth 500,

a thousand, 2000 kind of price anchoring here, right?

Well, I have some good news for you all.

This can now be experienced from nowhere near this price.

And even though many other industry specialists told me

to charge at least $400, I refused.

This isn't about money for me.

This is about hundreds of thousands of individuals

who could benefit from this device, including you.

All I care about is gain this device into

as many people's hands as possible,

as I know their lives can drastically improve.

I won't add a massive markup to this product

as most in the health industry do.

The last thing I want is for the price to stay on the way,

ensure that everyone in need has a chance

to get their hands on a neuro NMES foot massager.

My team and I decide to run a special offer

that's only available through this link by clicking the link

below this video.

You'll be taken to a special offer page

where you can get your very own neuro NMES foot massager at

a massive 50% discount.

This is the lowest price that we'll ever offer.

You won't find this offer on our official website.

It's only available through this link below the video.

So click the link now and get your very own NMES foot

massager while we still have some left.

You've been working round the clock

to create enough neuro e uh, foot massagers

to cover the overwhelming demand.

I hate to admit it, we're constantly failing on

that demand is growing too fast, right?

So it's now like buy more a OB money flow like urgency.

Um, I guess not buy more of this one, but, but urgency.

Um, it's going viral on social media.

We're spreading every day over a hundred thousand

individuals starting the pain

and swelling come to our website looking

for affordable solutions to work.

At this very moment as you're watching this video,

we have almost 1000 people live shopping on our website.

Obviously not compliant, but, you know, whatever.

Um, this makes our, our stock run out quickly

every time we get a new shipment.

If you're seeing this video, it means we probably have some

massagers left in stock, otherwise

we would've taken this video down.

But unfortunately we cannot guarantee

how much longer we may sell it tomorrow or even today.

So stock up is a smart option.

Um, and let's be clear, the neuro NMES foot

massager will never cost less than this.

Again, it's only available online.

Um, and so basically, you know, I don't have to go

through the whole close on this one 'cause

we're gonna go closes more deeply.

One important thing is you, they do get

to the guarantee, right?

Which is always in there, assuming there's a guarantee.

Um, they do mention their customer service stuff,

including their phone number and website,

which I think is a nice touch,

makes 'em seem more trustworthy.

And you've got these call to actions, right?

Click the BU below, you'll get this discount, right?

Click the link below this video. Click the button now.

Right? So much of urgency. See, all right,

I noticed fire hose the s**t out of you all with going

through pretty much a whole midline ESL,

but I wanted to do that

'cause I wanted to share some insights.

And also going back to sort of like this basic structure.

Now, you could argue for this one, the um, s was sort

of like a lot longer than some ums are.

And by that I mean like, again, it was sort

of like here's the solution, but most solutions don't work.

Um, like frankly, I kind

of probably thought the product

open reveal was earlier than it was.

It's probably like that's still part of why like

the outta the box solution didn't work

and then like sort of they discovered a more specific

solution, but outta the box solutions really still didn't

work and then they had to build their new one, right?

So probably that's more the structure of this.

So it's not like the perfect, like there's a little bit

of deviation here, but in general, most

of these parts were really similar.

And to show you all like what I'm talking about,

um, like, you know, now you're the real cause

for UMS for example, right?

Now that you know the real cause of

the problem, I'll make this bigger.

Uh, you know, this is a real solution on a

macro level, right?

It's logically connected. The problem,

once they have the macro solution in this case, like, oh,

you gotta stimulate the calves.

They have to dig deeper to prove the theory.

In this case, it was like they had

to go find like the EMS like technology

and backed by credibility improve elements, right?

Well, here's some studies, citations, what have you, right?

And then I have this here right now

that the avatar knows the solution.

He looks for an outta the box version.

So like that this is an outline from like 8, 5, 6, 7 years

old, whatever it is at this point.

But it's still basically the same

outline that everyone's using.

So when we talk about things don't change that quickly,

like format's changed, but the structure really hasn't

changed, right?

They go look for an outta the box version.

Um, the outta the box version is flawed, has

to do it, uh, themselves.

We create a new solution working on it, testing it.

There are problems and setbacks, but eventual success

and breakthrough, uh, often like proof product works

and others are asking for it.

In this case, we didn't quite have that.

Product is born, right?

And if you look at my clothes, and we're gonna go into a lot

more detail, but like, um, product details, right?

What's included? What makes it special?

Discuss, uh, and dismiss other alternatives.

Expensive and effective, side effects, poor quality

and proven, keep the value usually testimonials.

How to use the product, right? You saw that in this one.

Scarcity demand is high price justification,

other things cost a lot more money than ours.

This is better right now you can get for a bargain.

Um, if you're trying to get people to buy more, right?

The best customers,

the smartest customers are buying multiple ones

call to action, right?

Um, there's a guarantee in there.

And then sort of like these are, you know,

we'll talk about in a bit more detail.

And then often FAQ didn't have one in their video,

but basically like I, I just want you to see right now

that the structure is pretty much always the same.

I have a question there Damien, I'll, I'll,

I'll take a breath in a minute and answer that, right.

That structure is, is generally like

really like the same structure just every single time,

especially if anything physical

and there's nuance, which we're gonna talk

about in previous sessions.

But, um, you know, like basically what you'll, you know,

what I, what I see, lemme show you guys

what I see sometimes, and I've talked about it a little bit,

but this is sort of like where things go awry, so to speak.

And I'll make this bigger and I will answer questions.

Uh, and gimme a second here, right?

I'll see like hook, micro, lead, lead, uh,

you just call it UMP number one.

Now I know sometimes there's exceptions.

I know that that one version we saw talked about kind

of the mechanism in it, okay?

But generally like, you know, this, um, lead like two, uh,

background, like, uh, random facts that are

somewhat related to pain point discovery, um,

more background story

and unnecessary details.

Um, you know, UMP, uh, that's sort of like

seven ideas slash reasons,

uh, why pain point exists.

Uh, you know, UMS, uh, like

UMP, like another random idea

or reason for pain point, like random

quiz or assessment if you have this problem.

More, um, MS and maybe more story, right?

Like the point is, I know that seems like silly,

but like I will see a lot of VSLs

that have these structural issues like this where it's like

basically, you know, they, they,

well the whole point is like if you look at a straight line

versus like a zigzag, right?

And so sort of if we look at the ideal here, you know,

in general you're sort of going beat by beat

by beat on like a straight kind of path, right?

From point A to point B.

You know, again, you could argue this one does

that gets the um, s

and sort of does like a little thing like this,

but it's really still within the range of like,

it still kind of like follows the,

the broader template that I talked about.

Whereas I do see people that kind of like

don't look at the structure, don't follow it,

and they start just going all over the place, right?

Like they'll kind of, again, they'll share some

of their story, then they'll sort of kind

of start explaining the mechanism, then they'll start

sharing more of their story again.

Then they'll go to like, you know, more of the mechanism,

then they'll kind of be like, oh, and here's like five

signs of like whatever.

And they'll come over here and it's like, you know,

it's hard to follow and like you're not taking the personnel

like a guided like journey, so to speak, right?

Um, and so

the more closely you can generally follow this beat

by beat structure, the better it's gonna be.

Um, I have another example in a second.

I'm not gonna go through and read

that whole bsl out loud, but I'll come to it in a minute.

But lemme go back to the, uh, the question.

So Damien said, if the product has a really big objection,

which comes natural people that are not solution aware,

should you address it before the close or in the FAQ section

or should and you address it at all on the VSL

and talk about it only on the landing page.

Um, I mean, Damien, is it okay if I share

more specifics about what you're saying?

If you guys we're talking about like the,

the hydrogen thing in water, right?

Yeah. Right.

So say there's like a device

that is gonna like essentially increase

the hydrogen level in water,

and by doing that it's gonna,

hydrogen is like an ultimate antioxidant.

So basically it's gonna, like you run the device,

the water becomes like super Yeah, hydro, hydro,

like hydrogenated, like, or,

or there's a bunch of extra hydrogen,

molecular hydrogen, right?

So the objection that Damien's kind of referring

to would be people being like, oh,

well there's already hydrogen and water, right?

Um, and so like, why don't I, this must be b******t

because I don't need a device to put hydrogen in water.

And then the answer is like, well, the hydrogen is attached

to oxygen and there's actually not that much hydrogen.

This is sort of like, basically I forget the

complete mechanism, Damien.

So I might make this up a little bit, but essentially like

separates it or it's adding way more hydrogen, um,

in a pure form so

that you're actually gain all the

antioxidant benefits of hydrogen.

Um, water happens to be like a vessel

that can carry it, so to speak, right?

Like we have on the e-commerce stuff like sort of like,

you know, water reimagined and,

and different ideas and concepts there.

Um, you know, or why the H

and your H2O is not enough, right?

So if I'm talking about where would I address

that in this format, um,

I would actually probably address it in the UMP, right?

I'd probably like be like, here's the problem, right?

Like, um, like, like, you know, sort

of like the answer is like hydrogen, um, you know,

and you know, specifically like hydrogen you can

get from your water, whatever it is.

But here's the problem, like the hydrogen

in your water is not enough, right?

And here's why I'd probably be kind

of be explaining it like just right in

here to be completely honest with you.

Um, because you do wanna, it's a big enough objection,

you wanna address it and it kind

of would tie into the UMP anyway.

You're saying, hey, the problem is that you need more

like hydrogen or whatever, you know,

depending on what the, the argument is.

But basically like, you know, you might think water,

but water's not enough, here's why.

So you need a different solution, right?

A solution that does these things and then go on from here

and you can always address it again in the close

in the FAQs as well.

But I would actually probably address it right in the UMP.

So I if that makes sense. But, um, yeah.

Um, Taso had asked in case of supplements,

when do you reveal the ingredients

during the product buildup or in the UMS?

Yeah, great question. Um,

we will look at some specific examples of that.

Typically it would be in the product buildup and reveal.

Mm, actually no, I lied.

Typically it would be in the UMS,

so it would actually be like very analogous to

in this newer one, um, where they're like,

uh, lemme see here.

So basically like you did almost like here

where they uncovered NMES, right?

And a similar concept of being like, okay,

so we're gonna try to, you know, do x, y, Z thing, you know,

your, your body needs this thing, whatever it is.

Well, like, you know, then I, I found a solution, right?

What was it? Well, like I, you know, came across, you know,

these studies talking about this like weird, you know,

this like unexpected herb that, you know, like, uh,

you know, Himalayan herb or this unexpected, uh, you know,

like nutrient that's found like in, you know, deep sea krill

or whatever, you know, the different product is.

Um, and I was shocked to see that a bunch of studies

that show that it can do exactly this,

it can, they do hair growth, right?

So it help, you know, it simulates hair growth

and can actually, uh, you know, fix

where the problem is your damaged follicles

or your sleeping hair follicles, whatever it is, right?

Here's some proof about this

ingredient, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Wow. Like that was, you know, I was like shocked.

And actually I was even more shocked when

as I did more research, I discovered that there's,

that was just one of several ingredients

that actually can do just that.

For example, there's this ingredient

and you know, here's some studies and this ingredient,

here's some studies and this

ingredient, here's some studies, right?

Um, and they all work together

to like do this thing that simulates hair growth.

Right? Now the problem is, uh, you know,

you know, you basically can't just like, I want

to go see guys buy these on Amazon,

but the problem is like most supplements don't have enough

of like, you know, are, are low quality

or they don't have the right form of this,

or, you know, they're not all combined together.

We know where they're coming from.

And so I realized, you know, I would need to kind

of like formulate something on my own.

So, you know, whether it's if they formulate it great

or I partnered with somebody in a company,

we start working together, talk, build

and reveal struggle, all that kind of stuff, right?

But that's where you would, so it's, it's in that, um, MS

but it's actually when you really zoom out

and just think about the stuff as really structural

and like sort of the different pieces, then you realize

that it doesn't matter in a way.

And that's actually why AI is good at pretty,

pretty good at writing copy.

Because it's the same thing.

Like AI could just replace, you know, this

of ingredient, right?

If you have the right commands,

because it doesn't really matter what this is.

It's like this part is just the part where it's like,

I found the solution, you know,

specific solution here is studies, right?

Um, but lemme know if that answers that one Tasso.

Hopefully it does.

And then John said, do you find Instagram promos markets

you are intentionally going deeper into the U-M-P-U-M-S

mechanism of delivery product itself?

Um, how do I answer that?

I mean, I'm

trying to think of where I would go really like,

go deeper into the, um, MS Like, I think

to me this is like a pretty ideal, um, MS so like one,

I'm trying to think when I would need to go deeper, um,

for anything sort of direct to consumer health related.

I do, I really think most people probably make the mistake

of trying to go too deep with thess.

And I think I've been guilty of that before.

Or sorry, UMP specifically. Sorry.

Um, and I've, I've been go do that too.

Again, I try to like explain too much science.

I people care, they wanna know the real reason,

but they don't need you to peel back the layer,

the onion like three or four or five different layers.

They really just need you to peel back enough

that they're like, okay, this makes sense.

I never heard it before. Um,

and so I, so I think like a market where I can't,

I'm having a hard time thinking of a market

where I really need to, but you'll gimme

any specific examples?

Yeah, maybe financing. I'm really talking about direct

to consumer and physical, well,

I'm talking about physical products

really, especially for today.

Um, but yes, finance,

finance is a little bit different.

We'll talk about finance in a separate call.

I think a financial letter. Um,

but even then, I don't know that, like it's really

on the problem side going deeper.

I don't know. F finance is weird with mechanisms.

We talked about that a little bit on that call

that, that Nick was on.

Um, the mechanism of delivery,

I think the mechanism of delivery.

Yeah, I mean if it was like, you know, if that, like

for example, if you're selling like a commodity product,

like sell you, you're selling turmeric

or, um, you know, something that is

kind of, you know, more fish oil, whatever it is, right?

And then, you know, you might need to talk about, but,

but it's in like, like a liposomal, liposomal encapsulation.

It's got special fat like cells that are encapsulating

the molecule fat molecules

that are encapsulating the molecules of the fish oil

and survive stomach acid.

And it's gonna be able to go

and be absorbed more directly into your bloodstream,

which means, you know, the, like

that it's actually like, you know, you mean?

You might have to then at that point go deeper into like

the delivery mechanism.

Um, but that's really usually the case if there is,

if there really is a special delivery mechanism.

Um, and usually that would be like, again,

if there's something that's sort of like a commodity,

but like one of the big selling points is

that there's a special delivery

mechanism, if that makes sense.

Um, okay, well, who else who's got questions?

I'm gonna show one more quick example

of like a 35 minute one, but we won't watch all 35 minutes.

I just wanna show you the, the start of it here.

And you know, as I keep saying, we're gonna,

in future calls, go really in

depth into each of these sections.

So if you feel like not, it doesn't have

to all magically click, you're like, oh,

I completely get everything about A BSL, right?

And like the, you know,

40 minutes we've been talking about it.

That's why we're doing this over several weeks.

Um, and I'm gonna provide all these resources to you,

but, um, any other questions before I jump in?

Yeah, John's a quick one.

Do you find that in subs your big idea?

It usually comes from the UMP?

Um, usually not

always, but usually, um, you know,

we talked about the big idea stuff a lot on,

I can't know if you're on those calls or not,

but if not, those would be worth like going back and,

and watching some of the ones we did back in

April on big ideas.

Um, like

if I think about like, because I mean, to that point, like

what is like the big idea of this one?

It's probably like that your calves are actually, you know,

like your calves are like your second heart

and they're supposed to pump blood back up into your body,

but they're not right.

But that's really basically a unique mechanism as well.

So in this case, like yes,

but you know, if I think about that, I wrote that, uh,

stem cell, some stem cell restore,

uh, offer back in the day.

And it was this idea of like, uh,

it's like a time capsule in a bottle, right?

If you could go back in time, find a time capsule,

you buried in a kid, and like you'd have all these memories

of like your youth and it's sort of nostalgia almost.

The big idea was like nostalgia.

And there was like sort of like, well, here's a way

a a new breakthrough that's like a time capsule and a,

and a bottle, right?

And so it was kind of like a metaphor, big idea.

Um, so I would say usually, but not always on that.

But usually, yes. Any other questions?

Uh, stormy, stormy af here.

We got like a giant rainstorm sustain over Florida

for like the next two days, so it's gonna be great when I'm

picking up my daughter later driving into the flood.

All right, lemme show you another quick example of this,

of a similar structure.

This one will be a, uh, Beverly Hills MD one, right?

And Armen every on call.

I think you anyone who sent to me first, but I'll open it.

I'll just watch the first like couple, like minute

or two of it, three minutes and I'll, I'll show you

the transcript after that.

Does your skin pass the pinch test?

Let's try and experiment.

If the skin on your face looks loose and wrinkled

or just seems to hang lower than it used to,

here's what I want you to do.

Use two fingers, pinch the skin right below your knuckles

for about six seconds.

Okay? Now let go.

If it stays puckered

or doesn't flatten out right away,

then the sagging you see up here is likely caused

by an internal issue.

And believe it or not, this is actually good news

because it also means you don't need a bunch

of expensive creams to help tighten its appearance, really.

In fact, you may even be able

to get better results without them.

Now, I know that sounds counterintuitive,

but as a scientist, this is one

of the best tips I can give you.

So if you want to help your skin look more lifted

and actually see a real difference, let me show you

what I recommend doing at home instead.

Hi, my name is Dr. John Lakey,

and in the next few minutes I'm gonna reveal what's really

making these so-called super ages look so young.

And the one anti-aging scam you should never fall

for is if you're a woman who's currently between the ages

of 35 and 89, I encourage you to pay close attention

because I'll also show you a scientifically proven way

to help transform your own appearance just

by doing one very simple thing every morning.

So basically this one, which again, I've got linked to,

it's like micro lead is the pinch test,

and then it's like the start of the lead with like, Hey,

I'm gonna show you this one thing you should do every

morning, right?

All that kind of stuff. I saved this one.

Now of course I got, see if I have it. Was it here?

Um, I'm gonna go find the

transcript so I can show it to you guys.

I knew I gimme one second.

While I do that, I'm gonna turn off my screen

so I can go figure out where I put that one here.

If it has a question while I'm finding the copy

of this, I just had let me know.

Um,

Yeah, one question. Go

Ahead.

So in the, after the micro lead was over

and then he got right into the lead, it was like,

in the next few minutes I'm gonna share with you this,

and then I'm gonna share with you

why you shouldn't fall for this.

And then I'm also gonna show you this, you know, right?

It was kind of like a three part almost.

What's in it for me? You can call it.

Do you think that's like potentially causing an issue

with having one big idea

or do you think that's fine to do in in leads?

Yeah, that's a good question. Um,

It's kinda like promising multiple things.

I, I would generally prefer one big idea

to be completely honest with you, but then like right

after the lead, I'd refer one big idea.

And then right as you get towards the end of the lead,

that's where I would generally be like,

and also you're gonna see how did this thing

and why this is whatever, right?

Because then, but the way I've described it in the past is

like, sort of like hooks, right?

You've got your sort of one big hook

that you're hoping is gonna, the fish is gonna bite onto,

but then at the end of the lead you sort

of put these other little hooks here that are different.

So for some reason they sort of swam by your first hook.

One of these other ones kind of

makes 'em go up and nibble, right?

And so the idea of having a couple of different, uh,

like hooks is actually not, you know, it makes sense,

but I generally, personally would probably focus on like the

one thing that is sort of like the one,

cause the one thing I'm gonna reveal or share, right?

Um, you know, I do think, I guess there's sort of like a,

like a, An opposites kind of component

where you can be like, you know, here's the one thing you

should do, like the idea, I'm gonna show you

what you should never do and the

one thing you should do instead.

That's still sort of like one idea.

So like, I don't hate that,

but I wouldn't then be like, plus you're gonna see this

and this and this and this.

I wouldn't do all that other stuff, right?

Because then you're, you're sort of like the, the point

of the lead is like, you call it the pain

point and promise a solution.

So saying like, I'm gonna show you like the real cause

of this thing plus the ritual that, you know,

gives you the outcome you want.

Like to me, that's not really multiple ideas,

but you know, it's, we can look at it.

Let me show. Um, Okay, so I'll, again,

I'll make sure this is added to the, uh, the folder

as well wasn't, which is why I was struggling.

Okay? So you've got your pinch test here

and then here's the lead, right?

I'm gonna reveal what really, what's really making the

so-called super agers look so good.

See, because obviously like this is like you

tell they tested a new hook, right?

Because there's no mention of a super thing up here

but didn't really matter, right?

And the one anti-Asian scam you should never fall for.

Um, so it should say if you're a woman,

because this is from YouTube, uh, between these ages,

pay attention also show you a signally proven way,

help transform your own appearance just

by doing one very simple thing every morning.

Notice nothing to do with skin creams

or cosmetic procedures.

Does it require any type of fancy gadgets?

This thing you can do right at home in less than a minute?

Um, you see the method I'm going

to show you actually stems from a scientific

discovery that was made years ago.

Most women still don't know about it

because, well, for one thing,

it's not exactly profitable

in the commercial beauty industry.

And second initiatives believed to only work on men.

We'll talk about that in a moment.

But I think, you know, if you actually look at it from

that context, I mean I think the super ages thing like it is

just 'cause they were sort of,

I mean, it's probably just an

editing thing that they did this right?

Because if I were gonna do it, it'd be like, you know, Dr.

John Lakey next few minutes, um, yeah,

I'm gonna reveal like, you know,

the number one thing, you know, whatever it is, right?

I like basically saying was congruent

and tied into the micro lead.

Um, and the anti-aging scheme never fall for, I mean,

probably they tested that as an

initial hook or something like that.

But like that's thing where you could kind

of go down towards the end, right?

I also revealed the number one anti-aging of the lead,

like the number one anti-aging scam never fall for.

So I'm, I'm with you, it's probably a few too many ideas.

Um, but then if we get to like, sort of,

I'm gonna show you this scientifically proven way

to transform your appearance by doing one thing,

and you're gonna see how it stems from, you know,

the scientific discovery that, that to me is fine.

'cause you know, having a lot of curiosity,

having everything feel curiosity inducing is good.

Um, but yeah, maybe like the scam thing I move.

Um, um, but then if we just go for a second, uh,

right now we're like, here are the background parting

and we'll, we'll look at some more detail, uh,

future call right later.

Introduce myself again. I'm Dr. John Lackey, co-founder

of this Beverly Host plastic surgery group.

Um, we treat all of these people,

but then we gonna talk about sort of like a, you know,

a call to action, right?

Where it's sort of like if we go back to, you know,

the origin story, right?

Like, it's like, okay, like, you know,

I'm here, here's my credibility.

I knew I had to, I found this thing

I had to share with people.

And then it's often what they do is like, um, it all started

with a woman who came into my clinic

and had problems like Linda, right?

I feel like it's often, we used to joke that it was John for

guys like, you know, John dies at the end.

'cause he'll always be like, oh, John didn't know

that he was gonna have a heart attack that night.

Um, I feel like I see Linda a lot.

Like, I think Linda's even like in like one of the templates

for that I've done for auto, the auto VSL stuff.

Um, but for these white hat ones

for like example impact brands, like,

um, he's one of our members.

Like there's stuff with, uh, that I forget the name

of their, their DR spokesperson.

It's, it's like basically that structure, oh,

I've done all this stuff, but then somebody came into my

practice having this problem and like, you know,

and then basically what we're trying to do is build like

rapport of like, you know,

the problem she had is the same problem

as the prospect has, right?

And it's like, you know, all right,

we gotta figure this stuff out, right?

And so then there's sort of like, it goes into discovery

and, and you'll go into more structure later,

but basically like this is gonna have a pretty similar

structure and I'll provide more

and more swipes as we're going through everything.

But today, the biggest takeaways I give you a few little

nuggets is like really just keeping in mind this basic

structure when you go to write and not deviating

and looking at your current VSLs.

If you're deviating all over the

place, you know you're not good.

And I wanted to show the, uh,

like a 16 minute VSL with that neuro one.

Because again, people often think like, well, I can't,

you know, what about for a shorter VSL?

Like, you know, for a 30 or 40 minute

or 50 minute VSL that makes sense,

but you know, as you hopefully saw from the neuro example,

like you can actually fit all of this in

and then some into a 16 minute long VSL.

And I want you to note that even with

that 16 minute long VSL,

the clothes we looked at still went really heavy

on all that dimensionalization.

You know, like, I wonder if I can find this real quick.

Let me see one more thing.

You know, if you gotta go, that's the main things,

but I'll, I'll, I'll riff for another minute here.

Um, I think this is the alene VSL, right?

So this is that Alene one, which I'll also add

a copy of into the swipe file.

And it's, uh, make a copy so I can, I have another copy

of it somewhere else, but let's make this copy.

Okay, so this is gonna annoying.

I think I have a better version that's formatted.

Um, again, super aggressive.

Like, you know, she suddenly dissolves 62 pounds

of thick wobbly fat.

Um, but I wanna talk about the di the dimensionalization.

I said. So first of all, on the lead right, um,

from her butt, hips, arms

and face, going from this to this, her, her waists are tied

that even the clothes from her twenties were too loose

and fall for hips actually slipped in the sexy

skin, uh, tight.

Dr. Sexy skin, tight dresses were relieving her back.

And hip pain cocking her energy and confidence.

Her family and friends, uh, I guess is in awe.

Her tone, all of her tone,

cellulite free body begging to know her secret.

It's not just Sarah, her husband Zach did the same thing.

He woke in shock as he dropped these pounds,

had rock hard abs like you all this stuff,

maybe you're feeling skeptical.

Um, and basically like I just, the point I'm trying

to make here is like, uh, how much dimensionalization,

so there's all the speakers here.

Every day I get notifications of

how, you know, this worked for them.

Um, how will you feel when it works for you?

Imagine no more worries about people laughing, joking

behind your back because of your size.

No more stress or depression over what your husband

or wife really thinks about your naked body.

But too scared to tell you no more anxiety about sudden

heart attacks, strokes or diabetes.

Instead, you'll be eating what

you want with no guilt or shame.

You'll be active again, traveling, gardening, playing

for your kids and grandkids joints will be smooth,

hair thick and strong skin glowing and refreshing

because this five second ice extra targets the biological

root cause of your belly fat.

Once the fat's gone, it's gone forever.

So no more worrying about jumping

in between skinny and baggy pants.

Like, it's sort of like, kind of gnarly when you look at it.

You're like, God, they just really keep going.

And I don't think we all need to do that.

Especially not for like a 16 minute or like mid length VSL.

It's not, you have to go for paragraphs.

You know, you'll be amazed when you see, but,

but this thing absolutely crushed and you sad.

'cause it's black hat. That's the thing you can learn a lot

from like kind of black hat, really aggressive stuff, right?

And some of our members do

more aggressive stuff, some don't.

I don't, you know, I don't write like aggressive s**t

anymore, but I'm morally agnostic.

I'm not, not my place to judge. I'll, you know what?

I don't care. But the point is, even if you're like, I'm,

I'm wildly offended by even looking at something that,

you know, says you can lose 62 pounds, it's like cool.

But you can still learn from these VSLs

because again, there's for every one weight loss,

black hat VSL that are,

or whatever you call it, gray hat, whatever that does like,

um, you know, $20 million a month for a period

of time like this one did, right?

There's a hundred

or a thousand others that all made even more egregious

or more aggressive claims that never did this.

So like, okay, what's the difference? Right?

Why did that one work? It's

not just because of the big claims.

'cause all of these aggressive VSLs have big claims.

And if I analyze that, like right, um, one

of the biggest things to me is again, like all

that dimensionalization and future pacing.

So that doesn't mean that you wanna go overboard

and spend forever on it,

but it does mean like, okay, like

that's an important aspect, right?

And then if I go down to the close,

which I have another format of it,

I think I just formatted better somewhere.

Um, you know, he is like talking about alene. It's unique.

Um, I'm gonna introduce you to Alene right here, right?

And it's sort of like, you know, it's unique, it's great.

Um, it feels like you're cheating at life.

Uh, you know, it's really powerful.

It's time for you to finally get the slim sexy.

This is right outta the clothes body

you've been dreaming of and you deserve.

Close your eyes and imagine that for a second.

Imagine calmly waking into your fa walking into your

favorite retail store,

spending hours inside the dressing room.

Every outfit you try wraps around your tight

to body so perfectly.

You can't help it by them all.

You can't help it by them all. Imagine seeing the happiness

and pride in your kids and grandkids eyes as you play

with them for long hours on end with endless energy

surging through every cell in your body.

And notice discomfort. Imagine hearing your friends gasp,

jealous of the amazing changes you've made

to your physique in such a short space

of time thinking you've cheated somehow,

or seeing your husband or wife look at you

with lust complimenting you, wanting you

and your body again, and doing all this about

dieting or skipping a meal.

Really let yourself feel what it would be like.

Um, I don't, you know, take your,

doesn't it take your breath away?

And then doesn't it take your breath away

and tell me how it should be worth to never deprive yourself

of your favorite foods to never burden your family,

worries about your health, to feel how much fun life can be

what you've been missing, right?

Goes in that price justification there.

Um, and so the point is again, like,

uh, even down here, right?

Like after he goes through the price stuff,

like he just sort of keeps like, uh,

the author just keeps like, dimensionalizing this stuff

here like more later on.

Um,

and especially in the close, right?

Like sort of like they just

keep going with like painting that picture.

This is all still in the close

or they're like, kind of just

dimensionalizing dimensionalizing.

So the point to me is like,

again, it might feel over the top.

Like it might feel like excessive,

but it's also saying when you sometimes you wanna test that

and be like, is it excessive or do I just sort of feel like,

'cause I'm not the market, so I feel like

it's excessive, right?

So, so interesting there.

Damien, do you recommend using these mini conspiracy big

pharma and want you to get wealth sections in the lead?

I feel like they're so overused.

People can smell the BS whenever you see them now.

Yeah, I mean, plus they're not really compliant technically.

Like they're more of like a red flag thing

for like Facebook and stuff.

So I don't really

pharma on it type of thing,

but I personally don't really use them.

Um, you know, you can test it, right?

I, I don't go back to what I just said, like, you know,

they're still in a lot of offers, so maybe it works,

but I, to me, I don't think that the big pharma doesn't want

you to know is really like an important part

of the lead to be honest with you.

Um, so yeah, I don't think you have to use it.

Taso said, I noticed that the neuro VSL is not

so story intensive compared to 30, 40 minute VSLs.

The story wasn't a huge part of it.

What are your thoughts on this? Yeah, I mean, I think that

it, it depends on who the spokesperson is.

I think, like, I do think it's kind of like

if you can throw in a, a thing about sort of like, you know,

one of my patients like Jill or Susie or whatever, right?

If she had these issues, like, I mean,

I think it doesn't hurt to have that thrown in,

but it's not like, it's not like, um, I mean,

I think the days of the really like crazy emotional story

of like, mommy, where's your hair?

And like, I felt like a dagger going

through my heart, but you know what I mean?

Like, I think like those are kind of played out

for the most part, um, especially for, you know,

when you're, know when you're running on Facebook and stuff.

So I think it's sort of like you

can still have a little story in there.

I think that can actually work well.

But to me it's like a couple, like five

to seven lines, right?

It's sort of like, um, you know, somebody again,

like patient came in

or I saw somebody, she was whip upset my hair.

She was like, I feel like I'm doing everything right,

but you know, my hair's, you know,

I'm shedding more hair than my my dog or something.

And like I could tell how, you know, upset she was

and I wanted to find a solution, right?

And that's sort of it. It's just like a little part of it.

Um, so, you know, I think if you can work something like

that in it is, it is, you know, can still be effective,

but it's not like you have to go back and tie it in again.

It's not like a whole that part of the hero's journey,

especially for the Midland ones.

I don't think you really need like, it,

it doesn't have to be or it doesn't have to be long.

And unless got a question,

hopefully, again, hopefully I didn't overwhelm you on this

first call, but I wanted to kind of again,

just look at examples and look at this structure

and then we can zoom in more.

Cool. Good to hear that arm. I'm glad this was great.

You're welcome. All right. Well that's good.

I'm glad too because I mean, honestly I thought about kind

of talking about the outline and the structure,

but not showing examples,

but I'm like, I feel like it's just always better when you

just sort of show examples and talk about them.

'cause then you can really like actually see it.

So glad that that was good. All right, sweet.

Well, next week we'll continue on.

Uh, sorry, Stephen, do

you mind if I did ask one quick question?

No, no, go for it. I realize you were kind of about

to sign off, but I just That's okay.

Thought it was, um,

and maybe you, there's something you could touch on later,

but like, uh, format

or like how to uh, uh,

synthesize the, the mechanisms in, in a shorter version

of A VSL, like the, you know, the 12, 15, 17 minute ones.

You know, I, I know I just was working on that, uh,

with you for the first time.

Right. And typically the stuff

that I write is way longer form like 30 minutes, 40 minutes.

Yeah. Um, so it's like there a for is there a formula

that we can use or reply that can, without losing the

important parts of the, especially the mechanism?

Yeah, I mean, that's a good question. I don't know if I

have like a specific formula though.

That's an interesting thing. So maybe I'll, I'll dig into

that for the mechanism when we're gonna do, um,

but, uh, no,

I mean I think it's really just like, does it,

does it really explain like the real cause in an interesting

and a novel way that's also believable?

And is there enough proof there that if you went

and told like a friend, they'd be like, oh, that makes sense

and I believe you, you know, I know it's like kind of a,

a very casual answer, you know, but like, um,

and I would sort of look at like, you know,

I'll find some more short VSLs and,

and add these to like a swipe file or,

or mid length ones so you can look at it,

but essentially it's still like, you know, I don't know,

it's still, it's still explained everything.

It's just, just like, how many layers deep do

you have to go, I guess, right?

Do you need to go like yours again, I don't even wanna say,

um, you know, publicly yet,

but like, essentially like if it's that like, you know,

there's layers of your,

there's a layer of your skin and response.

I, I'll keep it counter broad, right? Layers of your skin

or layer of your skin is responsible

for promoting the production of elastic oxygen

and collagen keeps your skin firm supple and wrinkle free.

Um, right?

But if this part of your skin sort of like, isn't doing

that, then, you know, blasting

and collagen levels go down your skin classes into

itself, wrinkles form.

And that's sort of like, you know,

obviously there's a little more detail like, like

what the actual part of your skin is and stuff.

Um, but to me, like that's pretty good.

And that's one of the things I talked to you about

where it's like when you're, you're like, for example,

getting to like mitochondria, right?

Well, they power these things.

It's like mitochondria power everything

because of the powerhouses of the cell.

So it's like, I don't, you don't really need

to talk about mitochondria very much.

Like you can mention it once, but you don't need to be like,

'cause once you go into mitochondria now it's like they're

reminded of like biology class

and like, it's sort of like, you know,

like the mitochondria will power these things,

but like, do you really need to say that?

Like, or is it just sort of like this area of your skin?

Like, you know, like, you know, these, these parts

of your skin are, are, they're losing power

and without power like

estrogen, collagen can't be generated.

Does that make sense? So sort of like, I think you just sort

of, and then like here's proof, right?

Images found a couple studies from Harvard that show this,

like I said, and if it's coming from a credible expert,

especially like a doctor, you know, dermatologist,

expert person, then it's like, it's really probably as deep

as you need to go in general.

But especially for a shorter thing.

Um, if it's a completely DIY person, like, hey,

I'm Bob the mechanic and I discovered this,

you know, or Susie, the mechanic.

Um, you know, maybe you try to go a little bit like,

you know, you might have to, there's a higher burden

of proof, but like generally

because the person's like an expert, like you just go that,

you know, this is true.

Look, Harvard says it, here's an image.

Like you're kind of good there.

Makes sense, man. Thank you.

Yeah, for sure. Anyone else?

You say you added these VSLs to a folder? Yeah, I do.

Basically there's a weekly folder with the replay,

so I have a bunch of 'em in there and I'll, uh, okay.

Okay. Yeah, I'll add anything else.

Um, at least I'll get like an, like an email about it.

Yeah, we'll email and put 'em in the WhatsApp group too.

Um, they are the transcripts.

I mean, some of the ones for neuro, you have

to just go look at, uh, ads library, but you can find 'em.

I, I try to take like little screenshots of the copy

and headline for some of them too.

So you should be able to find 'em in the AS library.

Um, 'cause they're my swipe builder in the

AS library because they're in as library.

I can't just kind of link to them directly.

Or maybe I can, I'll see what I can do, but yeah.

All right. Sweet. Well, I appreciate everybody.

Have a great rest of your week

and I'll see everybody, uh, next week, part two.

Thank you. Thank you. All right.