Alright, um, let's talk about content and, um,

in, in my, in my opinion, um, I'm not like a big fan

of someone like ad spying, rip and then run ads one-to-one.

But I think it should be part

of like every media buyer skillset

to really understand the market

and also, also, um, the competition.

And there are like different ways on do how to do ad spying,

uh, on native, there's no official ad library, um,

like Meta or TikTok have

or, um, Google Trans ad Transparency.

Um, but there are tools like Ad Plexity

or Tex, um, where you can do,

where you can pro perform a solid ad spy, uh, AED spy.

Um, essentially, and it's also important

to mention those tools won't cover every single

edits out there, right?

But I would give you like a solid indicator for

what is working at the moment.

Um, and we go, we go into that in a second.

Um, I'm a fan of using a few APY tools, not only one

because they would show like different results of course,

but my go-to tool is still anex and,

and, um, can have a look at that right now

and check a few funnels and dissect them a little bit.

Um, so this is anex.

I, um, always have a hard time announcing that word.

Um, so essentially, uh, when you, when you buy

that subscription, not sure

how much it costs like hundred dollars a, a month

or so, um, you can then search for

by network, the geo, et cetera.

But the most important, uh, I'd say dimension to search,

the dimensions to search for, uh,

essentially add strength and gravity.

Um, gravity essentially

indicates the momentum of an ad.

So if an ad as right now on this day

or the past couple of days, many clicks

and impressions, you will see a higher gravity while ad

strength essentially, um, show the, the same

but without this time, um,

this time indicator meaning like when you will see something

which has like a low and that was like a low gravity,

but a high add strength.

Um, this was the, a super,

I'd say super solid performing ad, but maybe a while ago.

And it's, uh, I think important to mention.

So if you want to just check your, your strategy

or your competitor strategy from last year, you can go

for ad strength if you would want to see

what your biggest competitor is doing right now,

it makes sense to go for gravity

and I think it's important to do that

as a media buyer almost like two times a week, um,

to really train that muscle, um,

and understanding the patterns of the market.

And um, obviously everyone has to do their own like

research on their target audience and personas, et cetera.

Um, but still I think, um, doing this over

and over again will definitely give you a good feeling for

or good performing ads,

but also wording that they're using, right?

Like how is a user essentially like describing their

problems, right?

Is is is the user saying certain keywords

or phrases, um, that are like really triggering them,

for example, um,

are they often using the word itchy when it comes

to like skincare for example?

Um, and that's, that might be something that you would want

to, to use on your ads as well, right?

Because you always want to, in any, on any traffic source,

you want to create the feeling of um, a user talking

to a user instead of like a business talking

to a user obviously.

So yeah, we go into that in a second now.

Um, you have those big,

those big I'd say like categories in general, um,

that are working very well on native, um, which are VSLs,

VSLs are essentially like perfectly tailored to that,

to the traffic source and that audience,

which is like a little bit older, like I said, um,

health VSLs, um, such as like

Tinnius vision, um, weight loss, prostate, um,

blood sugar, um,

toenail fungus, um, those kind of like VSLs,

those are like taking like a big portion

of uh, of the oxygen.

Um, and the classic funnel for that is essentially, um,

you would, you would in most cases,

and we go to that in a second, uh, in most cases you'd see

um, a weird, a weird image

of like household products, right?

Which would indicate something like, do this morning routine

every day and see

you shedding pounds.

That was probably not correct English,

but I think you get what I mean.

Um, so they always indicate that you can do something from

in the, in the comfort of your own home

with things you probably already have at home,

so you probably don't need to buy something, et cetera.

Um, and it's always like a little bit of a weird thingy

and um, that's I'd say in most cases the case

for those health VSLs.

And, um, why is that so powerful?

Because it's, it drives like a lot of curiosity.

It's mostly that goes in general

for I think like almost every traffic source

that the best ads or the best creatives are

essentially organic images.

Um, and yeah, that creates like a high CDR, like I said,

therefore like a high c, high CPMs

and um, people can make it work on direct response.

So on a target CPA, um, even though

that might be quite high.

So I think like on average like one of those offers is like

around a hundred, $250 payout

and they still make it work, um,

because of those great CPCs

that they will achieve with that approach.

The classic funnel for health VSLs is, is essentially

at like I just described

and then a short jump page, maybe four or five paragraphs

and um, then you would go to like A-A-V-S-L

that you cannot really like, um, click through, you have

to watch the whole VSL, um, for like

around 40 to 50 minutes.

I think the classic, the classic uh, VSL link is like 40

to minutes usually on, I don't know, on the 30 minute mark,

you see like a quick um, add to cart option

that you would see, um, for the people who want

to buy it then immediately other than that, that

that will like fade away

and then you would need to watch it till the end

and then you can buy essentially

that's a classic VSL funnel.

So there are different ways of finding it obviously.

Um, you can just go straight for, for the product

or the problem, right?

So let's say I would go for, would want to go for diabetes,

um, and you can search for that.

You see already there's layer, like a bunch

of like weird images.

Um, and then you can see if you would want

to understand what's been working right now can filter

by gravity, I think blood sugar

and diabetes verticals anyway,

like a vertical which is all year round there.

Um,

yeah, if you have some different languages,

I guess even German you can also filter by English,

but it's usually not that accurate.

But let's see what we find here.

I can just quickly click on those.

I mean there are different like traffic sources within

obviously the native category.

Um, I'd say the higher tier ones are like Tabula,

Outbrain, I-M-G-I-D,

and then it's like rev content

and those smaller ones like ads keypad now, et cetera,

newsmax, but

you see right, everything is like, uh, like usually um,

very like visually appealing things which look weird,

have like high contrast, um, a weird shape.

Um, all things you would just simply know, right?

So for like the longest time you saw something like here you

have like a cook bottle for example

or baking soda right next to it.

And um, yeah, so let's say I would just click on this one

and is it the page?

And I would probably land on an auto direct page.

One second.

Just quickly do like another example.

This, this is for example, um,

a a longer funnel which is not common on, on uh, on native.

Um, and you see just like a lot of like education going on

and you even have like an interactive CTA here, a lot

of like social proof

and authority at the end you might even see like a,

a part which shows like social comments.

Um, it's a good one for later. I can just save that one.

Um, but I wanted to see a classic jump page.

Okay, let's do it this way.

Um, there are different ways to find something

and where I set at the beginning that it makes sense

to train that muscle and do that over and over again is

because then you will find like patterns

and also systems what to search for

and like a little bonus here, um, you can also search for

UTMs directly and that means essentially like AERs

or a link suffix, so like a part of the link

after the URL, um, to find for,

um, to identify ads from like a certain traffic source

and or a certain network.

And here, for example, I could apply

and I will share list of those later.

Uh, for example, the classic ClickBank,

UT empire meter is this one.

It's like hop, like usually a question mark and then hop

and wait one second, we need to change this one

to create a URL chains.

Then you would usually see classic ClickBank ads.

And this is a classic jump page for A VSL.

Um, so you see,

you see an image which has like a play button

and that would lead you to the next, to the next page

and only like three, four, usually five paragraphs

that are just pre-qualifying the users

to watch the entire VSL.

And I think if I click on this

because I have like no click data, it will

not really let me somewhere.

Yeah, but what you can do is you could now grab this link

and search essentially for their ads

because you know already that they're doing essentially, um,

running VSLs,

Then you see that they're running

weight loss offers, et cetera.

I mean, we are not going for that, for

that person in in particular, right?

Apologies if you are, if you're watching this.

Um, it's, it's just like

to understand a little bit the pattern of doing like ad spy

and yeah, I just wanted to showcase quickly the classic

VSL funnel, right?

Um, and just quickly

open a next one it is, is for, for weight loss,

you have the same pattern, right start page.

This page usually has like a,

or those short jump pages usually have around like a,

or your goal should be like a 50% link landing page CT

or 40 to 50% because it's really just like a short page

with a goal of, um, requalifying the user

ifis will not bring me anywhere again.

And yeah. Um, so that,

that's like the one classic funnel I'd say

for one big vertical within the native category,

which is VS Ls.

Obviously there are other VSL offers, um, in the,

in other categories like survival, make money online, um,

or else, but I'd say for that audience,

those health VSLs are like pretty, um, they work very well,

Right?

So let's go for um, a classic e-com offer.

And while I talked about, uh, the audience already, um,

what also works very well

and we ran a lot, um, are like health gadgets, um,

particular like insults, knee sleeves, um,

acupressure, uh, clips, um, weight loss devices

and um, we can just try to search for

knee sleeves, for example, see what we find there,

still have the gravity on.

So what we see here essentially, um, is that

there are like certain wordings that are over the course

of the, the time.

Um,

so like I said at the beginning, um,

you see there's like no gravity, meaning

that there's right now nothing,

no traction in the market for that offer.

Um, but we see like an add strength,

so someone ran it in the past

and you also see like a certain pattern in in wording.

So, and I know that from experience running this offer, um,

using like certain words, um,

and keywords they just turn out to perform very well.

For example, the word bionic,

something I just saw a second ago, Um,

that's just a keyword that makes people convert.

Um, and interesting here is that people already use

that one on, uh, like the product itself on the ad level.

Um, usually that, I mean as you, you'd see that quite often,

um, but usually people would have like a weird image,

let's say of pressing a certain fruit on your knee.

Um, and then using, uh, I know a certain paper just

to wrap it around it

and um, be around be something like this,

uh, this, this, this seven minute trick

or daily ritual, um, will help you get rid of back pain

or knee pain or um, ankle pain or else.

But yeah, so uh, it seems to work with showing, um,

the knee sleeves directly, right,

using like certain words just like I said,

and now we can check out the, the product page, uh, sorry,

the theorial,

this kind like kind of story angle that we have here, right?

Um,

Yeah, I see that these pages have now changed

really throughout the years.

Um, but yeah,

essentially it's like a page which is like really really

pre-selling the user.

Um, that's like a little story that probably most people

with like knee pain or who had like injuries can relate to

and um, like mentioning prices, uh, like outlining a kind

of like horror scenario and then showing more

or less like a um, a kind of like progress

over like a short time actually, right?

If you have knee pain or if you have,

if you've ever had knee pain, you see that the,

those will be like relief within like four weeks I think,

or 30 days that's like, uh, quite fast.

Um, and this, I'd say it's like a mid form,

the landing pages is not like a super long one.

Um, I saw dozen, I see dozens of pages

or I saw in the past dozens

of pages which were like way longer and you can do that.

Um, And uh, I will share those later as well

and we can maybe even upload those.

Um, but yeah, I mean at the end, right

after the whole progress part, um,

you would have the your CTA, you have some um,

some testimonials from clients, um,

final offer, right?

And you have here a a timer which is essentially always

set to the current day.

Um, most traffic sources

or the bigger native traffic sources don't allow it anymore.

But yeah, you can get away with like a lot

of things if you have like a certain spend I'd say.

Um, but yeah,

I will I think share like a little bit

of a longer lot like a long form ARI as well.

And that's something for,

Yeah, so they have many pages just have like an an a

redirect if there's like no traffic with like a,

if the traffic has like no real, uh, user data and timestamp

and click id, et cetera,

because then they're just not just like ads by traffic

or bot traffic, they would just, yeah, forward you

to another page.

But I have this page 1 0 1 in an HTM file

and I can put it or pull it right now.

Alright, so I found the page.

Um, so here's like a, a little bit of a longer, um,

landing page, which did work quite well

and I'd say on like medium

and long form, um, landing pages, you'd always aim for

a landing page CT of like 25%

and not placing your CTAs through the product page too early

to really make sure to, to send like,

to send like pre-qualified traffic more or less.

And, um, here's a, a long landing page, um,

with like a reading progress bar,

of course you have here like the timestamp and um, we used

and people use like quite aggressive headlines

and everything, um, for those health gadgets, something

that you might see is something like neuropathy,

doctor shocked, wear these socks one night

and um, see how you got rid of this and that or whatever.

And um, we even have on this longer landing page, um,

I think like life hack

and this, these are essentially use cases, um,

but in most cases starting with like a story

and then if you, like a life for example

as senior ran essentially after using those a marathon

or you have like another audience that we are hitting here,

which is like, yeah, um, pregnant woman

and essentially like, uh, their feed development

and stuff, um, while and

after pregnancy Yeah, and so forth.

So, but it's essentially like a longer landing page

that is like trying to to, um,

creating a story, educating a little bit on the on on the,

on the, on the problem itself.

And then the solution showcasing like several like

situations or life hack, um, of people.

And then afterwards, um, yeah, finishing with like a strong,

uh, strong CTA and

after the CTA you might, you might have things like,

like I said, like, uh, um, testimonials, um, Facebook,

also Instagram comments, um, screenshots

of people using it.

Um, those are unusually, uh,

in like a Facebook kind of like style and font.

Um, I, here you have the,

the CTA with like the timestamp, um,

those social comments that I mentioned.

Yeah, and that's essentially like a longer page.

We'll also upload those

and you can just like give them, give them a good read.

I think it's very interesting to just understand

that people on native, they will read the whole page, right?

So they really invest their time

and they have the time for it.

And that's what I mentioned at the beginning

and that that's something we should definitely take

advantage of, not in every case that's necessary.

So if you run, and we can go to that in a second,

if you run a certain region of let's say like solar,

medicare, bathroom remodeling, uh, ma whatsoever, like a,

a short, the mid form page could already be, um,

enough for that

because people obviously don't need to be convinced

to pay something at the, at that very moment.

They just need to be convinced to fill out the data.

So let's search quickly for a ion offer just

to have that covered as well.

Total Germany's right now also big vertical. Um,

Yeah, that's, yeah, that's a classic, uh, I'd say like,

like length of like a, um, a a solar page.

Um, not, not like a lot of text.

You have like a calculator if you would want to on the page,

but usually it's just like, um, around like five paragraphs

and then afterwards you would see like a map

of the respective country

and then you'll be essentially like click on your, on your,

on your state or your county and um, see if you're eligible.

That's essentially, that's essentially the CTA on

most legion offers.

You have that here as well,

but it's not dynamic usually, which is like, um,

so the animation here.

But yeah, I can also upload a few of our best Legion offers

and you can see if you can adapt those.

Um, but that's like very simple funnel for the Legion pages.

I would also go for like a landing page CT of like

around 30% because these are like short pages.

Um, and you can place your

CTA quite early in the page.

Um, but yeah.

Cool. Let's go back to apy.

And I wanted to give you guys like a few,

like bonus parts more or less.

Um, maybe just beforehand I think that, um,

obviously affiliate marketers are not the,

the ones which are super brand safe,

but um, I think just due to the fact

that they're working on their own budgets,

they're like very result, result driven and

therefore I think you can, if you run like a certain

vertical, you can really learn something from, from them

and how they run.

So therefore it makes sense to, to do,

to perform an ad spy session, um, on a regular base

for their ads as well.

And I'd say,

or I know not a single affiliate running on native

without a link tracker.

And therefore the way how you can find those affiliates

and it's like a little bonus is using the parameters from

those link trackers and what you can do, for example.

And I will then provide a list as well of those UTMs, um,

and go for creative URL chains, we need

to remove the gravity again

and then search for, I mean I think I just uh,

mentioned the, the hop, the hop UTM from ClickBank, right?

But there are like other things, let's say, um, if you go

for volume data for example,

then you would see like certain offers that they're running.

Um, I think I would just remove the gravity filter.

So you have like volume data, you would have the,

the red track, um, one red track parameter.

I think that's like a little bit of like a bigger tracker.

We use that as well. Um,

I think in general you have everything

with like click id sub one

equals click ID equals token equals campaign ID equals

and I would just, uh, provide like a short list of those.

But I think it just makes sense to really see

how they run it, which angles are they using, right?

And if it's not a hundred percent brand safe,

you can still like soften those up a little bit,

but learn something from them.

See their wordings they're using like a set.

Um, try to use the similar wordings.

We saw that with knee sleeves when they were saying like

bone to bone, bionic knee sleeves.

Um, the example of skincare when we talk about itchiness,

um, or the word itchy.

Um,

yes, I will provide a list of that.

Um, also one, uh, one I think like important

or no, it's, it's more

of like a bonus factors when you run native campaigns in the

US I see a trend recently

that many NA native traffic sources just

to increase their inventory at mail traffic.

Um, while this works quite well in Germany in the states,

um, mail traffic, let's say like Yahoo mail at

and t mail, um,

also like completely different like ad formats.

So I'd advise on when running a certain campaign in the US

on Tabula for example, to pause all mail traffic, uh,

campaigns because these are essentially like Google demand

and Gmail inbox traffic, um,

and run dedicated campaigns for those.

And also check with your Tabula rep

or your native rep for the best formats,

but kick it off with like the classic native ads

below the article ad format.

Um, block all those mail traffic, um, gaming

push, uh, publisher and just start clean there.

And yeah, and then you have also some reference metrics

for the certain, like for the, uh,

for the different like funnel parts such as landing page,

CTR, conversion rate at CTR, et cetera.

Um, another tip I can give you is

with those native traffic sources you have like real reps

that are like willing to help you

and that they can get you always benchmarks

or your respective verticals.

So if you would run for example, um, the knee sleeves offer,

they could tell you you are in category health for example,

um, the benchmarks product category on mobile,

desktop and tablet, um,

or CPM, ct, CTR, CPCs and CPAs is this and that.

And the best publishers are these 150 for example.

And this is like super helpful, especially when you start,

because you could get like a publisher list, let's say

of a hundred even though that's quite narrow

of a hundred publishers and you would know

where you would need to land in terms

of CPMs to be competitive.

Yeah, so um, I think that's a wrap.

Um, we talked about,

we talked about um, at levels, right, which kind

of effect you would want to achieve, right?

Um, to get that scroll stopper, um,

and have people click on the ad, have the ad be clicky,

but still keep a connection between um,

or keep a connection to your product or service.

Um, compensate high CPMs with

ICTR and let and low CPCs go

for a certain like, um, landing page CTR goal when running

jump page, like I said, 40 to 50%, um,

but mid and long form pages always run like 30% landing page

CTR and um,

avoid certain traffic

or like certain publishers at the beginning, right?

Like I said, mail traffic, push gaming traffic.

Uh, ideally get benchmarks from your rep

and um, see where you need to land in terms

of like the target metrics that I mentioned, CPM, ct, RC,

PCs and CPA of course, course.

And uh, ideally kick it off with like 150 publisher list

or a hundred publisher list for your respective campaign.

If you have any questions afterwards,

I know these are like a lot of things, um,

if you have any questions afterwards, obviously feel free

to reach out and I'm happy to help you guys out.

Um, like I said at the beginning, um, have an agency

dean.co and um, yeah,

happy, always happy to help.

And yeah, wish you guys all the best.