Alright, let us do some upsells

in the wild. Now, for this one I'm not doing it in like a

specific window because I want to be able to compare,

go back to this page. It might be easier to have stuff side by

side. I don't know. We're gonna go through Dr.

Clean, David. I'm not gonna do because I don't trust them.

We'll do Happy Mammoth and Emma.

We'll do Sinocell,

even though it's the same company. We'll probably see similar formats for different upsells.

We'll go through Capital Syndicate here.

I want to show you, this was like the upsell I wrote for a

more aggressive offer back in the day called StemCellRestore.

Did really well. And they had another product called Genesis.

This was the first upsell after StemCellRestore,

which they sold on subscription.

So because they sold on subscription, it wasn't it

didn't make sense to sell them more StemCellRestore.

I'm going to kind of read part of the above the fold.

And again,

I hate to use a more aggressive example, but whatever.

copy. I did a great job with that funnel, so whatever. But again, we're

going to look up more, some more branded stuff after,

right? Use this noble prize-winning discovery to turn back the clock on every cell

inside your body, not just your adult or pair of stem

The second breakthrough targets the 300 trillion cells in your body that aren't stem

cells, making them biologically younger in a matter of minutes while helping you feel

more energized, alert, and vibrant. Keep reading to see exactly how this number two

anti-aging breakthrough works. Plus, by combining it with StemCellRestore,

it can be the ultimate defense against old age. That's actually all I'm going

to show you from this upsell. Um, it's long. You

know, while adult repair stem cells are a huge deal,

your other 300 trillion cells need love, too. Right,

so the first product was basically this, uh,

supplement. They had really, you know, really nice formulas.

Copy was aggressive. I know some people, I shared it at the first CA,

but I never, some people had problems with it.

I'm sure I probably had some aggressive stuff in there I won't write today.

Whatever. But, like.

Formulas Um, patented,

studied ingredients with clinical studies, yadda yadda. Uh,

but, it was about stem cells.

Okay, cool. So,

Here I went kind of to a, expanded

problem right away, I would say. Right, if we go back to,

While we're doing it, like, was it a new problem,

or an expanded problem?

Sorry, get this out of here, I don't need this right now.

I guess it's more of like an expanded problem, right?

Like, hey, you're doing your stem cells, but what about the rest of your

cells? I do feel like it was a new problem,

because this upsell did really well for them.

But it makes sense, because it's kind of like, all right, cool, you did

your stem cells, what about the rest of your cells? And so,

I think it's sort of like a new problem, because,

again, it's an expanded problem, but I think it worked, why it was effective,

even though it wasn't specifically like a new problem, it wasn't like,

hey, like, so, a new, sorry,

a new problem could have been, hey, yo, your stem cells are being fixed,

you're gonna, you know, potentially have a longer health span,

uhm,

what about, you know,

is your money gonna last that long, right?

Like, oh, how are you gonna, if you live another 20 years,

uhm, 30 years, like,

how do you invest, right? That seems a little bit non,

you know, incongruent, but it actually kind of makes sense, right?

That's sort of like a new problem. Thank you. But,

I think it's also, I mean, it kind of works as,

like, because it's like, oh shit,

yeah, I didn't think about that. I was so focused on stem cells,

but what about the rest of your cells? And it's different because it's not

like stem cells were,

like, if it's like, hey, I'm so focused on knee pain,

what about back pain? You're like, oh, yeah, you know,

it's kind of the same thing, I guess, but, like, those are acute problems.

Here you're kind of, like, making the same promise,

you're just like, hey, you're gonna feel even better if you,

you know, target the rest of your cells as well,

right? Like really,

like, stem cells fix specific problems,

but what about all these other cells in the projects, like a telomere thing?

Uhm,

right? Really long copy,

which, by the way, I happen to think this long copy still does 100%

work, even, this is from years ago, but it still works.

But, really, it's, like,

better results. And I think maybe there's some stuff about faster

results, too, and expanded results,

right? Thank They're really focused on easier,

but it's, like, stem cells are good,

but what about the rest of your body? You want to really feel your

absolute best, you've got to do this for your 100 trillion other cells,

too, you know. Not only that,

but you'll feel better even faster, right?

So, it's, like, that's what we were doing with something like this. I just

wanted to kind of show that. I don't know why I decided to pick

the most, kind of, confusing exception example,

as I wanted to do first. But,

it does show you, what these results look like,

right? So,

let's go now to something that's probably going to be a lot more

congruent, a lot less long,

which is our friends at Dr. Clean. So,

good old Dr. Clean. We're gonna go one bottle.

Where is our sneaky little,

uhm,

Yeah, because I'm not mobile. So, they add this sketchy little warranty.

Let's buy it. I am going to pause while I enter my

information, then I'm gonna buy it,

and we'll go see what the first upsell is. Okay,

so I just hit purchase. I'm gonna get this pop-up.

Only 15 left at this price. Special limited offer.

Buy more Dr. Clean and save now. I get 12 more cleaning tablets

for just $2.08 each, $12.25.

I can get 6 more cleaning tablets for just $2.50 each,

$15. I still feel like these are guys are screwing up.

If you go back to the second PDP video I made where I was

kind of doing the walk down of them. If you told me how many

bottles each, each tablet replaces a bottle,

you know, save, compared to individual bottles who save this much money,

I'd be more like, way more likely to do this.

They're really depending on people doing the math for themselves

in their head. I don't like this.

So this is sort of like upsell number one,

but if we see what's below, so this is sort of like a pop-up

upsell, let's call it, right? Let's take a screenshot

of So we save that.

I'll

do it over here. Oh,

you can't see this,

but I'm saving

the screenshot. Okay.

Great. Where were we? Over here.

So, no thanks. But,

wait, we have a special limited time offer for you.

70% off,

stock up and clean on Dr. Clean tablets.

Add more and save up to 80% off.

Save this link too, by the way.

Best value, 24 tablets, best seller, bunch of options,

right? Got a timer going,

add this to my order, no thanks is really tying down here.

We'll ship it out to you for free in the same package,

don't miss this chance. Never run out of your favorite all-in-one cleaner.

Quick clean solution, easier to remove stains,

universal cleaning product, removes stains,

removes dirt, happy customers,

add more, right? It's really nice formatting. So

if we go back to here,

hey, you just got this product, great job,

but what if your game results run out and the product is either out

of stock or it costs more money, right?

What are we really seeing here? Never run out again.

So basically we're like, hey, you know, don't run out right now,

never run out again, get it now at a good

price, right? I

imagine this actually probably converts decently even though it's sort of weak.

Cause it's like, well, if I understand the clean tablets are important,

oh shit, wow, that's really cheap. I don't Again,

I don't know how or why. They don't just sort of tell you how,

like, it's like basically, you know,

a normal, compared to like a high-end eco cleaner from Sprouts is like $9,

this is $1.32 for better ingredients, so it basically saves you all this money.

But I think they're missing out by not having this.

The page is fine,

that part's missing. Let's do a screenshot.

Alright,

upsell one. Hang on, I'm

just going to save this over here. Link.

Screenshot. Copy.

Okay, so make sure I copy this.

The reason I'm saving the copy is because, you know,

uhm.

What if they change this page, what if the link goes down,

you still have the copy. Not that I really think the copy is all

that good, so.

It's fine, it's branded, it's clean. If you go into a user,

customer experience, they're not going to see this and be really mad that they're

seeing this, right? It doesn't feel really incongruent as far as the journey goes,

so, like, that is, you know, important and worthwhile.

Uhm,

let me do the screenshot. That kind of shows you where you are,

right? You're here, now you're in bonuses, and you can change your order summaries

or bonuses. One thing I want to see real quick is usually,

honestly, the

way this

is formatted, my guess is that, if I just go click here,

it's going to take me to it. I go incognito.

So for now, you'll be able to have that link.

If they watch this video, they'll be, like, pissy about it.

Well,

great, thanks so much, but no thanks.

So what about your dishwasher?

Clean your dishwasher. Add more dishwasher cleaner in tablets and save up to 70%

off. Dishwasher cleaner packet,

cleaner packet, cleaner packet, right? Okay. Are you worried about hidden bacteria and black

mold in your dishwasher? Should I be?

Deep cleaning power, safeguards itself, extends the dishwasher lifespan.

Effortless cleaning, crystal clear results,

long-lasting power. Each tablet lasts for an entire month with a six-month supply included.

Eco-friendly, universal, safe for all dishwasher brands.

Prevents future buildup. Happy customers at it.

Okay? So, on e-com,

if you have a basic e-com landing page and you switch to,

like, a Epic sales letter,

it's not, it's not that you wouldn't test it. It may actually do better,

but it really depends on how you're trying to balance, like, that branded congruent

experience versus getting that AOV up in big sales,

right? Uhm,

so this page here, I'm also going

to save.

I like this,

sorry,

I actually like this subheader. Sorry guys, I'm trying to get that back over

here. I kind of

wish they would explain a little bit about the problem. I think it would

do better if they quickly explained how gross your dishwasher is,

to be honest with you, from a copy perspective.

But what are they doing?

This is episode number two, and they're really expanding the problem,

right? Alright, cool, you've got an all-purpose cleaner for all the surfaces and stuff,

but like, what about your dishwasher? You can't spray a cleaner in there,

but you've got this, right? So they're expanding the problem of like,

what about hidden bacteria in black mold?

Oh shit, I didn't know that could be in my dishwasher.

Right? So now it's a new problem.

Right? After selling them the other stuff.

Their design is great. These guys have a really nice But let's go ahead

and save this one. And

I'll save the copy for that,

too.

Patrick Way of sell to copy.

I'm

doing this for you. Uhm,

nah, nothing's looking good. Whoa,

what about your toilet? Clean your toilet effortlessly.

Do you hate cleaning and scrubbing your toilet?

No scrubbing needed. Kills otococcin bacteria.

Protects your plumbing. So,

it's very templatized, what they're doing.

Further expanding the product. This is, this is next.

It makes plenty of sense. To be honest with you,

like, even me doing this video,

now that I bought the first spray bottle,

I'm like, well, yeah, I do worry about my dishwasher.

I mean, the toilet not as much, but if I already bought the dishwasher

one, I'm like, eh, well, you know, maybe I should get the toilet one

too, right? The toilet one is actually brilliant.

It's interesting. I'm sure they've tested the order. If they haven't,

they definitely should, because you have a lot of toilets in your house.

So I feel like that lends itself to buying more than,

like, you may have one dishwasher,

right? But they've probably tested it,

but if not, I would test the order of these for sure. So let's

save this.

Link. Screenshot.

Copy. So you can see what they're doing,

right? Expanding the problem. And really,

sort of, I guess, or the other way I put it was,

uhm.

Complimentary product or services, right? It's kind of related,

though. Like, it's kind of complementary, because it's sort of,

complementary problems, you could call them, right?

Okay.

Copy. Save this.

Alright.

Now I'm good. You think there's gonna be another one? I kinda think there

is. I'm 50-50,

because usually, how many episodes can you do? Right,

that's a question people ask. How many episodes can you do? Test it,

find out. Something like this where their margins are probably kinda low,

I mean their AOV's kinda low, they're trying to do everything they can to

get the AOV up, because now these products are super expensive.

I kinda think there's gonna be at least one more upsell, but I could

be wrong, let's find out. No thanks. How many mold

and mildew from your washer? Like,

again, people are gonna X out, but they make sense,

they're all really logical upsells. You know?

It's just, what about? First is to buy more of the same,

which makes sense, they just bought some, so offering them more at a bigger

discount, it does make sense, even though it's not, like, as compelling logically,

it's not an illogical thing to do, it makes sense,

right? Uhm,

then it's like, what about this, what about this, what about this, right?

What about your washer? Upsell four,

I mean, literally, you know, they're not hiding what it is, uhm, cause they're

direct response marketers, so,

here, upsell four,

link, and then,

you know, screenshot, and copy.

Did I save a screenshot of upsell three?

I wonder if I can go back, I don't script flow.

I saved the license. Let me do a screenshot of upsell

four here. I think it's

very templatized,

so once they do the one style of it,

it's like, you know,

kind of easy to keep going.

Does your washing machine stink from mold and mildew growing?

Right? So it's kind of like little pain points in these subheaders.

They're good. Again,

maybe you could do a little thing of like, I might test one little

section of like, gross them out,

tell them how bad the problem really is. Right? I'm not sure why they

don't do that. To me, I would do it. I

have to clean up cell number four.

What about your shower? I'm guessing they're gonna be done now.

What other things could they do? They could do a car.

They could do a pet specific thing.

Like furniture and fabric,

although technically the All Purpose Cleaner did that.

They could do, like, your shower,

tile, wood, specific surfaces.

They could test, like, a pool one, although that becomes a little more niche

because a lot of people don't have a pool. Again,

some of them might feel like, I thought the All Purpose Cleaner did it.

But, what's nice about a cleaning product is, like,

there's a little endless surface area. They could do carpet.

Did I mention carpet yet? Carpet would be a really obvious one.

Like, cause, yes, it has a spot cleaner, but, like, there's, like, a full

carpet cleaning system. Like, you could throw that in. But, let's see, are they

done? Okay,

congrats, your order is complete. Put a link to be notified when your

order ships out. This is a sneaky way to get you to do notifications,

which means they can pop more sales to you.

I'm going to say no. What did I just press?

The order is complete.

Summary of what you got. All

that. I'll take a screenshot of this page, too. I'm not

going to

copy the

copy of

this.

One interesting thing. Always put a plastic bottle on your tires when

parked. Here's why. Everyone should know this genius life hack.

This is probably the Let's see,

let's go ahead and click on it now. 42 Life Hacks to Boost Your

Quality of Life. So now

they're sending you to a page with 42 different

affiliate offers because maybe you'll click on them,

go to an editorial, learn about something else,

all these things are sort of related, and you

could buy this other device. I don't, I don't assume,

I wouldn't think these are all the same brand, because it would be f******

crazy if they are. It would raking. But this is smart.

So we'll put this here. Note, Confirmation

page has a link to affiliate

page with 42 different affiliate

offers on it. So,

why does that make sense? Why is that cool,

smart? Does a loser branded experience may be better?

But it's done in a pretty congruent way, where I think people wouldn't complain

about it, and they

get paid commissions on these, AOV goes up,

I mentioned cars, it's sort of a congruent thing,

so it all makes sense, right? So,

to our friends at Dr. Clean, I will stop this one,

and then I'll do some more live updates.

I'll have some examples, that way we're doing one at a time,

I think that's the most congruent way to do it. Thank you.