Hey again, welcome back to Product Pages Part

2. Originally I just did that previous video you watched and I felt

like, you know, pretty good about it and everything.

But, then I was thinking about today and I was shooting,

um, say on checkout, so I'm going to do upsells as well,

uh, with some of these brands.

And I thought, you know, I really should actually take a little more time.

To talk about some of the interesting page elements and so forth.

So I'm going to do that. I'm going to use this Dr. Clean page

because I really like it. Um,

it's a really clean lander. And it's honestly like a

really classic template. Like, this template is, it's really sexy and a really nice

one. Especially for,

you could use it for Nutra, but especially physical products or things like that.

So, let's let's look at this one and then I'm probably also going to

pull up one for, um,

like a webinar, free training registration page because I,

I sort of was, I think it was a little too fast and flippant.

I'm going to take a little more time, okay? So this is like a

really classic template, but it's really nice. I'm going to do it on desktop

and then we'll look on mobile view after.

So very top, you've got this sort of scarcity thing going limited time offer,

65% off Dr. Clean. Okay.

So right away up here you can see some

urgency. You're going to save money. Okay. Fast shipping,

30 day money back guarantee. One immediate thing to think about is,

okay, well, I'm kind of surprised they don't have a phone number.

One point their phone number here up here, like help increase conversion rate.

And I wonder, I'm going to know, I don't know,

happy, uh, yeah. Happy math didn't have either. I think a comment on that.

So, but the answer is yeah, basically it would be worth considering putting a

phone number up here. The reason they're not doing it is because this page,

I think I saved it this way, but we originally got to this from

native, right? We had like a native ad to have her total to here.

If I did the actual link from the name native ad,

it is, um, an affiliate who's running traffic to this.

I mentioned this as a checkout module. You'll watch after these,

the product page section, but your affiliate doesn't want you to have a phone

number. Why didn't that want you to have a phone number? Because

somebody gets the page, calls the customer service team,

sells the person. The affiliate doesn't get any money,

right? Like, I paid to send you this customer,

you're not paying me in return. If you're not running affiliate traffic,

often having a phone number up here could be helpful and worth testing,

okay? You've got your sort of classic header,

features, how it works, reviews, FAQ, contact,

right? And add to cart.

But when you click features, it's not going to take you to a new

page, it's going to take you down to that page. This is a very

common element for nice e-com-ish product pages.

The reason I love this page is it's a really nice hybrid of e-com,

right? It's clean, it looks e-com-y,

but it has all these direct response elements. It can appear at 4.7 stars,

1,000 plus verified reviews. Dr.

Clean, the all-in-one solution for every situation. Stain,

so this is like your, sort of, your main headline.

There you go,

self-headed, Dr. Clean, advanced surfactant technology makes breaking down stains from any

material incredibly easy, okay? So it's like,

it's an all-in-one solution for every stain. It's got advanced technology that breaks down

stains from any material. Breaks down the toughest stains,

works on every surface, cost-effective solution,

effortless quick cleaning. More social proof here,

right? 8,000 happy customers in stock and ready to ship.

And the call to action is also really worthwhile,

noting this. Get 65% discount,

okay? It doesn't say buy now or

add to cart. It says get 65% discount,

which is congruent with this up here. Then you've got your,

sort of, hero image. Which is gonna educate you,

it's gonna show you different things, like, okay,

figure out scrubbing all in one clean solution,

5 reasons why, it's an advanced formula,

got natural ingredients, before and after to see it really working,

another before and after, another Impact,

reduce plastic waste with concentrated tablets and reusable bottles,

ready to use in seconds, one small tablet is enough to clean your entire

home. A chemist and cleaning product tester,

so it's got some kind of credibility, right,

social proof, always really important on product pages.

Another, a testimonial,

I mean these are both testimonials, kind of, but these are, like,

hey, look, 5 stars, people are have bought it and like it,

this is, like, a longer testimonial, and now we're back to here.

Discount,

these little icons, right, instant stain removal,

works on all surfaces, 30 money back guarantee,

100% removes all stains. So it might be,

like, a little bit repetitive, right, works on all surfaces,

works on all surfaces, instant stain removal,

um,

instant results, right, so, but that's, okay, there's sort of some key value propositions

that are gonna be repeated consistently. You've got these little trust badges,

like, oh, wow, it's been featured in these places.

Now, did they write articles about them? Were there ads that showed up on

them through native advertising? Not completely clear.

But,

this is all for credibility, right? Now we have,

sort of, our product, I guess you'd call them,

like, features,

benefits, I guess this would be, like, kind of, like, benefits,

right? The future of cleaning with Dr. Clean, all in one clean revolution for

your home. Eco-friendly packaging, pleasant fragrance,

deep cleaning power, effortless results, concentrated cleaning tablets,

cost-effective refills, works on multiple surfaces,

non-toxic formula. Dr.

Clean solves all your cleaning problems instantly.

Stop washing, wasting hours scrubbing your home clean.

Targets all cleaning challenges. Dr.

Clean is designed to tackle all cleaning needs, so, okay,

sorry, I'm just reading without pausing.

By the way, this is a sticky banner, social proof, people love it,

get it now, especially on mobile if you're skimming.

Like, so you have your call to action, people can read,

this is, honestly, this is very common, like, almost every e-com page would have

it, and, like, it's both common and it's useful,

because, okay, I can keep reading, it's not very intrusive,

when I'm ready to buy, it's always here, rather than trying to put a

button here, and then, like, another button,

you know, here and here, like, yes, there are buttons throughout,

but having this is actually pretty helpful, uh,

you know, for there, okay? Uhm,

so now it's going to, like, kind of give you advanced

features and benefits, right? Targets

all cleaning challenges, right,

I can do everything, quickly and easily removes soft stains.

Spend less money on cleaning products. This is interesting,

you'll see this, I'm kind of doing this out of order,

because I went to the checkout, and I came back, and Here's

one thing with these guys, it's kind of interesting,

right, if I I've been looking this

far The tablet thing to me,

like, even though it's here, I've looked at this page at lunch And I

didn't realize that it's like a refillable thing, see the tablets are so tight

here So the way it works is like, you put these tablets in the

bottle Dissolve, so it's reusable,

right, put water and tablets in, and you get the spray bottle Right,

so it's refillable Eco-friendly,

all that, right, so, cool Um,

they're showing it here, but honestly, even just skimming,

like, I didn't notice that, and it's kind of funny,

because You know,

like, you would I don't

know, I just didn't even realize it until Kind of,

coming back to this page to do this module, so when you see me

do the checkout You'll see me make some comments,

so they're actually still valid, but,

but Kind of different, I'm not gonna redo this checkout analysis,

but But, like, I'll explain it to you here,

okay, like, so basically Okay,

what's another benefit? You can spend less money on cleaning products,

right? It's a money-saving solution,

all-in-one cleaning solution, saves a lot of money, reusable packaging Even here,

it's actually, I do think the copy has opportunities,

because Alright, spend less money on cleaning products,

effective cost-saving solution for all your cleaning needs This makes the cleaning spray both

budget-friendly and environmentally-friendly So basically,

Purchasing multiple cleaners for different surfaces, Dr. Clean is a comprehensive,

all-in-one cleaning solution that can save you a lot of money That's,

like, not a good copy Why is it not a good copy?

Because ultimately, and I talked about this in the checkout video,

but I'm gonna bring it back up here now, because it's important Like,

I was looking at Instacart, and I showed you guys,

like, all-purpose cleaners I imagine,

if it was smarter, it would show me all-purpose cleaners again But it's not,

I'll be fast, because you'll see this again in the,

Like, most all-purpose cleaners, like Meijer's is a good one,

it's $4.99, I think Target sells it for $5.99,

okay? So,

spoiler alert, this is, I think,

$19.99 for a single bottle, and they have shipping,

so it's, like, $25 And so,

I'm like, well, this is an option Outrageously expensive cleaner,

and you hear me talk about that in the checkout module But,

it's actually not, and this is what I missed, okay?

Because, I think the single bottle comes with,

like Six tablets So,

technically, it's actually, like, six bottles for $19.99,

so it's actually cheaper than a cleaner, but they don't make that clear,

and, like, it should.

So, let me, I'm going to scroll for a minute

This is, like, the biggest thing I think they're sort of screwing up How

are you not comparing the price? Like, that's actually a really big opportunity for

them It's, like, you say it's a money-saving solution,

but this is, like, show and don't tell, right? So, okay,

money-saving solution, uhm,

but you don't really, why is it going to save me lots of money?

We'll serve you for a long time, so you'll only need to repurchase concentrated

tablets Okay, but, like, you know,

they need something on here that explicitly shows me,

you know, or on the checkout page One bottle replaces six bottles

Like, single bottles, and you're going to save money.

Three bottles replaces fifteen bottles,

and you're going to save money, right? They should do that on this page,

because it makes it way easier for me to justify the cost. One of

the reasons they have Get 65% off is because, like,

the price is high, I think. When you get there, and you see it's

1995, there's like a sticker shock,

because I'm like, I can buy a cleaner at Target or Publix for five

dollars So, I think that's a big opportunity,

okay? Uhm,

combat all stains, instant results, with cleaning spray,

no more buying hundreds of cleaning supplies and wasting time scrubbing your home,

you know, powerful cleaner, petri-asleep surfaces,

concentrated tablets, maximum surface spray,

toxic-free solution, remove any stain in three easy steps.

Okay, so how do you use it, right? How do you use the product?

Uhm,

prepare a cleaning spray and use it on any surface. Dissolve the tablet,

spray the surface, wipe clean. Right?

Is what they claim. This is sort of like,

just, Keeps your eye,

it's like, attention for your eye, I mean, it's not like, It's repetitive,

but I don't hate it. Let the results speak for themselves,

okay? Some social proof, reviews, before-afters.

Uh, one clean spray to get rid of all stains.

Kind of reminding you of all the benefits again.

The gold standard. Then they have a comparison thing here,

which is very common.

But again, I think they're missing the pricing comparison to show that it actually

saves you a lot of money. Social proof.

You can load more of them. More from Trustpilot.

What's best?

It's

like a random ass affiliate page, right?

So, who's actually going to check that out? Hardly anybody.

It's totally bullshit, but it looks good.

This is, uh,

Jessica Reynolds, right? Who they say on the other page is like

their formulator, tester lady, whatever.

Probably not real.

FAQs,

buyer of confidence, up to 65%

off, right, so let's call it actions.

Even here, like, this little thing in the footer is kind of nice.

It's just, basically it's repetitive,

but it's It's a really nice e-com page. The template overall,

there are some opportunities, like, as of everything.

And then, you'll get to see the checkout,

but again, note that it's 65% off. The reason why is because

you get here and it's $19.95 for a single bottle.

But what they,

the one thing they really don't do a good job at, like I said,

is, like, explaining I mean, this,

right? So it's $19.95,

but basically I'm getting 6 bottles of cleaner for $20.

So it's less than Meyers, right? Here I'm getting,

basically, 12 cleaners for $34.

So it's, like, less than $3 a cleaner.

I just broke $36, but whatever. It's, like, $3 a cleaner.

Even more of a discount, right? But again,

that's one opportunity for them. I do the checkout on the next page.

And what I said before, it still holds, though. One of the reasons why

they're- and I'll go to mobile in a minute, but, like, their checkout doesn't

show the form first, right? And

the reason they've got 65% off is because there is a sticker shock.

But really,

it shouldn't be. It's actually a great value. The problem is,

they don't explain it very well on this landing page.

So that's where there's always copy opportunities, you know?

And they do have a phone number in the footer. So,

affiliates probably don't even like that. But they're probably like, look, we have customer

care. But, again,

if you didn't have affiliates running into this, I might put that in the

phone number up here as well, right? And the contact is sneaky because it

does come down here, so. Yeah.

Um.

Alright, so, oh yeah. And then, for

the quad project thing, or quad thing,

right, we did templates. I wanted to show you one thing here.

I put, you know, hey, for the page, here's the link.

Make a template, right?

We saw that yesterday. They,

however, have something on there where they basically, some pages will have this, where

due to robot.txt restrictions,

I can't access that page, but I could just sort of create a template.

And I'm like, alright, here's the copy attach, so I copy pasted the copy,

ctrl, command shift V,

so just plain text version of it.

Right? But then, so that cloud kind of knows what's going on,

I also give it an image of the above the fold. So,

okay, here's the copy attached, here's a screenshot above the fold.

Perfect. Based on that, here's the template. And then it created the template,

right? Because it kind of knew what the copy was and knew everything else.

And so now you have a template that you could use and follow for

other similar products. So that's how you can create yourself a template if you

like this and wanted to test it for your product or brand.

Right? So I just want to share that as well.

Basically, what to do if you got this robot.txt thing,

you can copy the copy,

screenshot, even a couple of screenshots if you wanted, and then cloud will have

what it needs to create a nice template.

And then you can use this in the future too, right? Okay,

cool. So I just want to add this video because I want to kind

of do a more in-depth breakdown. Oh,

you know what the heck, let me do that. I'm do a webinar registration

one too. Why not? Calvin

Tran, we'll use him again, see what we did earlier.

Ah, that's not the right one. This one.

landing page and not a product page, but let me kind of just go

through examples real quick, okay? I mean,

it's pretty basic, a live masterclass of eight figure Airbnb investor Calvin Tran.

Okay,

so. I'm sorry,

this is going to be ADD, but it's going to bother me if I

don't do it. One It's on mobile before I get to Calvin Tran,

okay? So,

one thing that's weird, I would have to look at my actual phone is

that there's no call to action above the fold.

By above the fold, we mean visible.

It may be that on most actual phones,

because when you go inspect in Chrome,

you're getting a,

you know, you're seeing what it would look like on mobile, but it's not

perfect. So, it could be that this is visible on mobile,

could also be that the sticky CTA shows up,

see how it's here. Like, on mobile, it's especially helpful,

because you're scrolling, you're reading, you're here. At any point,

you might decide, hey, I want to buy, you can click the button.

It's all the same stuff as what you saw,

not on mobile. You

know, there's sliders, things like that, you know, it's pretty more responsive. But,

it's, you know, we don't need to take a ton of time, I just

wanted you to see on mobile, because again, probably, these days,

most sales come from mobile.

Like, I mean, overwhelmingly. Like,

80%, 70 to, 70 to 90% come from mobile.

Some cases, 100%, right, or 99%.

So, I just wanted to look at that real quick, too. Okay.

Alright, back to our boy, Calvin.

I guarantee you,

almost every single person who buys from him also buys on mobile.

It's worth noting, look, because sometimes you'll go see something on desktop,

oh, this is kind of ugly. It's like, yeah, because nobody looks at this.

Like, nobody's ever seen this page besides me. And it looks much better here,

right? It's way cleaner and better. Live virtual workshop,

July 2nd, 7pm. Exclusive workshop of 7-figure every day.

Airbnb investor Calvin Chan reveals new loophole.

It's interesting how, like, the other one said 8-figure, this is 7-figure.

So they have it set up so that, basically,

it shows something a little bit different. But on mobile,

buttons right here, I built my 7-figure Airbnb portfolio

without owning any property or using my own money.

Avoid risking your own capital, increase your earnings potential using this alternative real estate

investment opportunity. Click below to learn more.

Learn the 7-figure secrets,

spots, and ways to act fast. Calvin Chan,

former medical professional turned 7-figure Airbnb investor,

now empowering hundreds of other professionals and students to do the same.

On the slide of the interactive workshop, you'll discover how to find high-profit deals

in any market using my 75-55 rule to guarantee profitability.

Secure funding at 0% interest to control these units using none of your own

money. Bye. Automate your entire portfolio and achieve passive rental income every month.

Effortlessly scale your portfolio using other people's money and replace your full-time income with

just 1-3 units. Attendees get real results.

People showing, like, what they've made. Bunch

of social proof. And that's it. Right?

Mobile is different. This is important.

This is very different. On desktop. You've got all this copy,

but if you're trying to emulate what Calvin does,

and you look on a desktop computer, you're probably going to miss out

because probably nobody,

or again, like 85% of people,

they'll never see this page. They'll probably all see this page.

So, this is what I'd be looking at. So this is a really good

example, real quick. And why is it short?

Because again, all you're trying to do is go watch this live virtual workshop,

right? Just clear your spot,

IFast, it's free. And

you sign up basically like, you know,

first name, last name, email, phone number.

He's during the lead, they're gonna text each of you,

email you, hey, make sure you show up, or you're gonna show up,

try to get your show up rate as high as possible, and close people

on the webinar, right? You'll see in the high-tech webinar thing we do with

Dylan Bandness, it's one of the bonuses where he talks about some of the

process here and the best practices for that. So,

I just wanted to kind of show this example as well, so we're not

like, only,

uh,

well, you know, like, we'll do this kind of stuff, which is a lot

of people. So again,

the reason I'm not gonna spend much time on this page,

like, this version, is because I don't think anyone sees it,

really. People already know it. Alright,

cool, thank you.