Alright, so let's move on to welcome sequences here.

You know, really, there's a lot of opportunities,

you know, and a lot you can do, but I'm gonna keep this pretty

high level, um, as far as,

like, just what are the purposes,

and then we'll look at examples, right? I mean, really, the purposes are

just fourfold, right? Reaffirm their decision. You know, they just bought, so it's like,

great job, that was smart, you're awesome,

this is gonna be great. Um,

I'm actually gonna change the order here, put this here.

Like, kind of answer those vital questions of, like,

you know, sort of reaffirming the decision,

it's kind of related, but, like, your order's being shipped,

you're gonna get it soon, here's what to expect,

here's how you're gonna get the best results, right,

so all those things are sort of answering the questions of,

when am I gonna get my package, like, what should I do,

right, you're gonna answer those things, but you're also reaffirming the decision,

um,

you know, you're establishing a relationship of building trust, whether that's coming from an

individual or a brand or whatever,

and then you want to turn a one-time customer into a repeat customer,

typically. Yeah,

I'll keep it at that. You know,

an exception to that would be, like, the

only exception there is if, you know, there's nothing else to sell them,

so to speak, but even then you want to build a relationship. So,

let's look at, uh,

supplement13.com. I think I switched.

This is still supplement13 for the weight loss one.

And honestly, for this, I just took the same Welcome Sequence template that my

wife, Laura, had done back in the day for ProfitFixFormula,

and I applied it to this. You know,

if you think this is a little bit too cheesy, you can always change

it and inject a different personality into it,

uhm,

cause there's a lot of, it's a little bit of feminine energy, to be

honest with you, but me. I mean, it still works,

right, there's gonna be 15 emails in here, so I'm not gonna read through

every single one, you can kind of read through them separately.

This first email is basically like,

you know, here's Sarah, the founder,

right, and it's sort of like fun, you know,

we got a new order, right, there's cheers and applause,

we've lasted, Eye of the Tiger,

you know, even Marcus, our master packer, smiled,

and Marcus never smiles, everyone was thrilled you're now part of our family,

thank you, you know, once we clean up our mess,

Celebration Mess, we'll be working to get your order on its way to you,

we're so excited for you to experience your transformation journey and finally work with

your body instead of against it, you know,

here's where our warehouse is, uh,

we ship out orders every business day, which means yours will be on its

way soon. You'll get a separate email with a tracking number,

when your package arrives, it'll include this, right?

Now, obviously, make sure it's true, uhm,

and, you know, by the way, since you're a valued customer, we'll send you

notifications of extra tips, success stories,

new launches, members-only benefits, you can say customer-only benefits if you wanted,

if you any questions, here's our customer service, thanks again,

we're so excited, and then, by the way,

here's a little disclaimer. Right, so,

this is a classic, but a goodie, it works,

right? It's like, okay, reaffirms your decision hard,

answers some questions, where's the location, you know, when am I gonna get it,

will I get a tracking number, like, things like that,

builds trust, establishes a relationship, and gives them an opportunity to become a repeat

customer right away. Okay,

six hours later, even though, they've already bought,

this is an optional thing you could do,

but it's not bad, gives them a personal message,

like a little video, kind of educating them,

helps with consumption, uhm,

connects the face to the brand, this is a great little thing to do

to build that trust. Personal relationship, so it's like, you know,

oh, I forgot to send this, here's a video from me,

or from someone from our company, right, next day, come see it's true, member

perks, again, I don't know if I would do members,

I'd be careful, because of subscription wear out,

you know, we know how much you're going to love Vital Burn Pro,

and we want to give you a quick 50% member discount code that no

one else has, so you can pick up any additional wellness products on sale,

and stack up on your journey. Okay, this is a little bit generic,

maybe you'd say whatever your thing is, um,

just use this code, and watch 50% off the total,

so it's fast, but hey, you're feeling good about your purchase,

you like the stuff we sent already, well guess what, you can go buy

more and save 15%. Okay,

this one's an unboxing one, again,

all up to you, you don't have to do all of these, but I

like, they're great. I'm really excited,

you know, you're gonna have great, here's what's gonna be in your box,

it shows you everything you enjoy, um,

and also, you know, in this case, the video also shows other products,

so they might buy more stuff, um,

but again, what are these emails doing?

Referring to the decision, they're answering vital questions,

establishing a relationship, they're really doing all of these things,

like, Laura did a great job with these emails. Okay,

so that's their package, alright, hey, you know, your package is here, um, and

if it's not, it'll be here soon, because what if it doesn't arrive? You

know, reminding them what a great decision they made,

if you have questions, let us know. Check your door for a package like

this, you know,

so link to, like, additional products here. Hey,

take some before and after measurements, you know, track your success,

because I'm so confident you're going to have success, right?

Email six, special member offer,

yeah, I might do, like, new customer offer,

private discount, Oh my gosh, sorry. Code,

use this. Member coupon

code, right, and be careful of member,

again, because if it's not a subscription, people might be a little wary. But

it's like, you're just, it's pretty straight forward, hey, go here,

use this code, get new stuff. When we check in a notification about

you, like a message about you, your name come up on my phone,

Hey, you know, it's been a week since you got your,

uh, order. Or,

since you ordered, again, maybe you time this one to see,

like, depending on when they're going to get their product, you don't want to

send this out and they haven't gotten their product yet, right, use common sense.

Um,

I'm excited for you to be experiencing your journey, in just one week,

you should start noticing, like, here's what's coming, right,

use it, consume it, consumption is important,

right, too. Um, and it'll be,

keep feeling so excited, so good, so good as you stick with your routine,

oh, well, like, because consistency is so important, here's 10% off your next order,

click here for your own private discount, use this to stack up like Maria

did, a little testimonial, it's good for 24 hours.

Next day, hey, remember I sent you this coupon, sticking with it is good,

right, like, the longer you use it, the more results you get, here's this

coupon, don't forget it, one last chance.

Uhm,

hey, I'm gonna let you get

20% off, it says next day each time, but really,

I'd probably put like. I

mean, technically you're going longer than 24 hours of this, but that's probably okay.

This is like,

yeah, by the way, here's what some of the most popular things are.

One

nice thing, this is two weeks later, survey them.

Help us, you know, get even better at bringing real transformations to people,

quickly. Put it here, right, I'll give you a reward,

and the reward could be like a discount code, right?

So at this point we go to weekly, because we've sort of emailed them

a lot. You can do whatever, you can, you can keep emailing every day.

Uhm, but this is sort of to give you like a template or something

you could be using. Uhm,

here's some more coupon codes, here's like a restock for the welcome sequence,

even though we do have a different restock sequence in this,

uh, we'll be sharing here. Right?

Trying to get testimonials,

after five weeks.

This is a good one, right, another little sneaky coupon,

oh, some people missed out on our last promotion, we feel so bad about

that, people are going to get results. Here,

use this coupon. And you can do the adverse through,

hey, you know, it's been eight weeks, or however long since you started using

it, uhm,

you know, don't forget to keep using the product,

here's your anniversary coupon, right, this is really, it's pretty smart too.

So, it's a nice sequence,

right, let me show you another example.

In this case, that Airbnb asset control method, but in this case I decided,

as well, let's make it a $97 course, and we want to sell them

on the strategy session, you know, booking,

right. So,

welcome, you know, hey, I'm Mac, like, I want to welcome you to the

most important investment you've ever made in your financial future,

course is ready and waiting, here's how you log in,

start here tonight, I might say,

like, just start here, immediately,

log in, go to module 1,

you know, here's a train, this is what it's going to do, watch it,

it's the foundation of everything else, builds on, as soon as it tells me

it's the moment everything clicks, let's go to next,

I'll send you a complete course roadmap, you'll get your market research assignment,

we'll guide you step by step to your first deal opportunity,

you know, save this email, uhm,

you did a great job, start with module 1, Make sure you join our

Facebook group, right, so why is this good, well,

what's it doing, okay,

personal relationship, reaffirms the decision,

you know, I guess one thing I could add here,

is encouraging consumption,

right, Consume the content,

use it, especially for a lot of things, it's like,

a lot of people, even for, especially on bizop, you know,

for all the shit bizop people get,

a lot of them have, like, really good stuff, a lot of them don't,

but many people do, and,

like, the problem is people don't consume it, right, so,

get them using stuff, and by the way, if they use stuff,

they're more likely, and by the way, consumption can also be for supplements,

but if they use stuff, they're more likely to keep using it,

keep buying, keep ordering, all of that, right,

so you go to your course roadmap,

you know, hope you watched module one, here's what your next 30 days look

like, right, so this is sort of breaking down, again,

for a hypothetical course, here's an assignment,

right, it's giving an actual assignment, I don't know if this is a real

thing, right, but basically it's telling people what to do,

a timeline to get results, all of that, right, this is all really,

like, good, because it's sort of, like, reaffirming their decision,

hallowing your results, it's sort of answering that, you know,

building trust, hey, I'm really helping you, uhm,

encouraging consumption, everything there,

you know, and the Facebook community too,

which is, which is solid, because it's more sticky,

right, people go to a Facebook group, they're more likely to kind of stick

with it, okay,

now you're going to, like, want to fast track results.

You know, how's progress been,

here's what I've noticed after working with 300 students,

the course is great,

but here's the thing, knowledge alone, might say isn't enough, right, the difference between

my students, the difference between my students is going

the first property deal in 30 days versus those that take 6 months usually

comes down to one thing, having a personalized roadmap for their situation,

uhm.

I'd be careful with this, I'm probably going to delete this.

Why am I going to delete this? Because course teaches the general method,

but every market is different, so every situation is different, blah,

blah.

Every student's discount, you know, situation is unique, every person's goals and timelines are

specific to them, that's why after saying most course careers don't,

free asset control strategy sessions where I personalize your specific market and create a

customized roadmap for your success. On this call,

as we dive deep into the best neighbor in your area,

you know, optimal property, blah, blah, blah.

These sessions simply run $500, but they're completely free for core students,

people who, uh,

I've learned that students who personalize roadmaps succeed 3x faster than those trying to

figure out a loan, I want to fast track results,

these are limited so there's some scarcity and urgency,

uhm,

I don't know if you use PS or not,

because you don't really say I'm trying to sell you something, but they probably

know, right? But it's

questionable. Okay, student success stories,

right? So that's sort of like, hey, believability. So now we're kind of going

to selling. So there's sort of some of those more elements when you go

into the selling aspect of something where it's like,

because in this case, it's like if you're,

if you're ascension, if you're an ascension model, where it was like,

you know, $47 course, $27 course,

$97 course, and then you're moving them to a book a call and book

a call to like becoming that paying customer, right?

Then it's like, okay, great.

But you almost have to resell them on things and answer some objections as

you would for an abandoned or anybody else. So you're sharing success stories,

right? People use this roadmap. They got great results.

You know, you can get the same thing, book it here.

Okay.

First week action plan. So it's kind of nice,

right? Here's what you should accomplish in your first week.

So this is kind of good because it's like, hey, I'm checking in on

you, right?

But hey, maybe you're overthinking things. Maybe you're feeling stuck,

right? No problem. That's where I give this session called book it.

Why most people fail. So it's gonna

get a little more harsh,

right? Hey, course buyers. I mean, this is optional. Depending on what you're trying

to do with that experience. My dog is just like,

it's making it really hard to work. Um,

you know. You

know, this will be effective. It's a little bit of a strong sale.

So, you know,

you can kind of decide, you know,

again, this is sort of a template for someone who's doing this model,

right? And, and so, so share that,

um. You know,

really detailed breakdown of the strategy, session call here,

behind the scenes story, right? Somebody who is going to go on the same

journey I want you to go on. They bought the course,

they had the call, we did the strategy session, we identified the stuff,

they implemented it, right? This is, wow,

this is really real. This isn't just a bullshit call. I'm really going to,

like, you know, see a path to,

like, having success here. There's

another angle, another reason why. Alright,

limited spots, okay, sessions are filling up. Now we're going to kind of hit

them with scarcity, urgency. Come on,

let's go, final 48 hours. I'm going to go fast here,

doors closing. Closes tonight.

The end, right? The last sequence I'm going to go through really fast.

This is for someone who bought the high-ticket coaching,

and this one's really just all about consumption.

Reaffirm what they did, establish a relationship,

consumption, consumption, consumption, right?

Gives them assignments, mindset.

So I'm not going to read through all this one, but this is really

just like,

This is really just a whole consumption sequence. This gives me something to consume,

of course. So, uhm.

This is obviously for a made-up course, but this is really nice.

You can take this, do it for your course,

program, coaching thing, whatever, or your clients, and use that.

Alright, so, that's gonna finish up welcome sequences,

and then we've got promotional sales and

win-back sales, or win-back, uh,

and reorder sequences, and they'll be, I think,

in pretty good shape on the email side at that point.