Alright, let's look at another upsell.

We're gonna do David. I'm kind of curious here.

I would assume they're gonna have upsells,

but I don't know. If they are having upsells,

what do I think they're gonna be? More of the same?

Maybe like a protein powder or another kind of consumable?

Well, let's find out. I'm gonna pause, I'm gonna order, and we'll come back

and find out here. One quick interesting thing on the checkout,

by the way, is when I put in,

do you want to free shipping? You're one out of a way.

And then, because you have a $35 hat, you could add and search for

more qualifying products. This is actually pretty interesting.

Okay,

we'll get the AOV up. It pops up and shows you more things that

would get you to where you would be at that higher AOV

to get free shipping. So that is interesting, okay?

I shouldn't spend any $50 to have your protein bar shipped to

you. I to really, I have to really love these bars.

Okay, your order has been processed. Let's see.

The window is short. Your flavor line doesn't have to be at an extra

carm below, right? Really basic,

more of the same. It makes sense.

They're not even going to do a discount. They're just like, hey, you just

bought some bars. Why don't you get some more bars?

This is about, you know, as pure ecom as you can get,

David does do this very pure ecom. These lot influencers,

UGC, stuff like that. Um,

and selling that way, you don't need to,

like, it's just a different universe.

And they're, I think, I'm pretty sure they have a big valuation. Like.

Can

I hear that somewhere? Yeah.

They have a valuation of $725 million somehow.

I don't know how. I don't know what the hell is going on.

It's like the secret, like,

it's like the Enron protein bars.

Like, I don't know how they have a $725 million,

uh, valuation in a- $75 million.

But this actually goes back. It's pretty important when I mentioned earlier if the

ads and how, like, these sort of, like, their game is

not as direct response focus.

The brands you see that aren't doing this direct response focus where it's a

bunch of, like, little branded things. And they think you're gonna click,

become aware enough of them that eventually you buy.

Where that works is when you're raising $75 million.

$1 billion at a time. People who come into Ecom who don't have

an idea what they're doing. So why can't we copy David?

It's like, you can if you have $75 million, right?

I see this constantly. Um, what reasons I don't like doing,

like, client work and solving that much things like that anymore.

Okay? So, it's not an upsell.

It's just, like, do you want this? Yeah.

So what's interesting is to client all offers. So I guess it means all

of these offers. And this might be the only upsell that they have here.

And it's still part of the checkout, so I probably can't link you to

it. But, especially show you really classic Ecom.

I mean, you know, they can still test a good discount,

things like that. But they're big enough brand that they're probably not doing it.

So, probably a streamer to check out. It'll be a really short video.

That's it. Thanks. You need to change your order.

Even on the confirmation page though.

What's interesting is, I don't just show my address.

I mean, but they're still selling you,

offering you more stuff. Never too late to prioritize protein.

Add another card before your order ships out. Okay,

this one. This one. This one. This one. This is kind of a nice

little thing here. Search all offers.

You've got hour left to edit your order. This is a nice optimization thing

here, even though it's really grand. Did you come? You wanna try and figure

out which of their advertising works, right? Event,

cable, influencer, podcast. So you'll notice,

like, actual, like, Facebook's way down here, right?

Um, cause, again,

they're using a lot of social media influencers,

things like that to, The, have success.

I mean, I live in Parkland, Florida, so fine. You can see that.

Um, thanks for your purchase. You've got a lot of up to 40% off

Nike. So it's actually gonna take me to nike.com. It's not. It's gonna probably

take me somewhere else. So, how do they further monetize people in the Chris

AOV? They send you here.

It's always too late. Order more stuff. Or,

I don't wanna show you, but it's fine. I could probably have the team

blur it out. Whatever. You can tune it.

Um,

so it's kinda interesting, right? Even though there's not upsells,

like, as you would traditionally think of them,

they've got upsells on this paycheck,

right? So, I wanna show you that,

which is a more like pure ecom experience.

And I'll let you all know how my David bars are.