Alright,

so now let's look at, uh,

a flow from Happy Mammoth. My guess is we're going to see

more upsells compared to,

like, somebody like David. Let's find out.

This was just some random information,

so I am going to check out here, and then I will come back.

And we'll look at these upsell flows. Alright,

my order is being processed. Hooray,

hooray, Happy Mammoth. What are we going to get to here?

Nope. Wow. Oh no. Okay.

There we go. Confirmation number. You've paid for your order.

Your confirmation. So I'm going to skip through this.

This is going to be a pretty, this is really what honestly most of

these Shopify, like,

upsells are going to be.

They're, like, using direct response, but they're staying on Shopify tend to look like.

It's what ours look like with Opal Beauty. It's kind of annoying, but they

surprisingly enough get,

like, a decent take rate. Uhm. So, let's look at, this is, I guess,

I'm

so one. You say,

right? You probably are limited to two or three because of Shopify.

Uhm, like, hormone harmony.

So, I'm making sure to say this stuff.

Okay. Surprise. Here's a one-time $20

off offer for you. Get two extra bottles of Hormone Harmony for $20 off

to shed hormonal weight, burst of energy, and feel like yourself again.

Countdown timer. $20 savings.

Two. Includes a short benefit-driven description of what your product does.

Oh, that's, that's pretty funny. I wonder if they realize that that's going on.

They're a pretty big brand. They're doing good work, but. So,

essentially. Yeah,

I wonder if I should try and tell them, but then they're, you know,

funnel-hacking their stuff, so maybe not. Okay,

you got your slider. It's quantity,

essentially. $20 off,

right? Get two more bottles and save.

Sometimes you do a quantity selector. They're not doing that.

It's just like, get two. You save money.

Nice. And, dollars. Your little slider thing.

Due to high demand,

Hormone Harmony was out of stock nine times already. Don't let this happen to

you. Many women have run out and experienced nasty hormonal symptoms all over again.

This is your one-off chance to prevent running out and save money.

Reminds you what Hormone Harmony can do for you.

Right, so put bullets. Boost energy,

ramp up. Hurry, we can't keep a reservation for long.

Some social proof here.

Let's look at mobile real quick.

So,

product heavy, visually heavy, because everyone's on mobile,

especially for e-commerce, still has this silly thing here.

So,

more of the same. Come back to here.

What if you run out and you can't get it again,

basically, right? Pretty classic, simple,

straightforward. Because it's on Shopify,

I probably can't link to the checkout. Let's

see. Maybe I can. I'll save it just in case it lets me.

Let me see if I go to incognito. Yeah,

it won't work, so I can't save the link, but I will do a

screenshot. I should've done screenshots of David,

but I didn't. That's okay. Uh, scrolling. I'm still laughing at the,

uh, thing there. So let's go. So,

we'll

go,

Happy Mammoth. Uhm,

let's find the offer. My assumption would be a Chronosel.

Let's see. I do wonder,

one thing to note, if I had taken three or six bottles,

it's absolutely possible that they would have given me a different offer

for a higher price. Higher quantity. Depends on the flow.

Some people will do that, some people don't, right? Let's decline it.

Okay, turbocharger results with complete belly reset,

10x your weight loss, dissolve belly fat, and fast track the elimination of toxic

estrogens from your gut. Hey, include a short benefit description.

I don't know how they are not seeing this Only 174

bottles at this price. We've saved U1,

but we can't save it for more than 10 minutes. Hurry up and complete

your order now. Every bottle of complete reset,

complete belly reset, can fast track your detox and your weight loss so you

can feel and see dramatic results in half the time.

How does it work?

I'm gonna tell you more about it.

Yeah, but just auto-select it to 2, right?

$20 savings.

So, what are we selling here?

You just bought weight loss. We're selling more weight loss,

get faster result. Get toxic estrogen from your gut.

So, it kind of expands it, right?

You're interested in hormones. Well, you're going to lose weight, but really interested in

losing weight. You're going to lose weight even faster and get toxic hormones

from your gut. So,

it's like, better results, faster results,

right? It's really what we're doing here.

Let's do a screenshot of this one.

Oh, document.

Close

this. Let's see if they're on button.

There we go. Okay.

I'm going to go with one more ID.

And then let's go to the confirmation page because they're kind

of conservative. Still some social proof.

It's worth noting though, what is the testimonial,

right? Hey,

when's it going to be back? I had constipation.

So really this testimony actually does a lot of heavy lifting. It's important.

I'm glad I paused for a minute. Right. Cause it's like ad hoc information.

I did everything, thyroid, yada, yada,

yada, yada, spent nearly 10k trying to sort this out and got nowhere,

then I bought this product for 3 weeks of my life, I was normal,

cannot rate this enough, I'm literally sitting on the edge of my seat waiting,

can you imagine, I cried when I said it was out of stock, I

accidentally bought 4 containers of the digestive super cleanse,

as the labels are both pink and I get confused, so now I have

4 containers of this. Right. She's like,

Thank you. I want more of this, like,

but it, like, hey, look, it really goes out of stock, people would try

to, if you have any of these pain points, you should get this,

but hey, it could go out of stock again, right,

so there's a, a reason behind it,

right? So

even here, with the thank you, it gives you the opportunity to add,

I don't know if this is what I bought, if this is what I

bought, I can get more of it. You can change

product quantities here, which is really