Today is the amazing Eddie Maloof.

I have, uh, no bios for anybody who speaks here,

so I just do a terrible job of my introductions.

Uh, so sorry in advance for that, Eddie,

but Eddie is a badass.

He did, uh, speak at one of our events a few years back.

Uh, he talked about that agency life

and he talked about how he was planning to like

exit his agency.

And then, uh, Eddie did exit, right? You sold it? No.

Oh, you didn't? Okay. I thought someone told you exited it.

You just bought the Lambo for fun.

I thought you exited the, the agency

and then you like bought a Lambo.

That's not the timeline at all. Fair enough.

I thought it was James Klein, but James Klein

just makes up s**t constantly.

James Klein's such a gossip. He's crazy.

He's like, did you hear about Eddie? Okay, well nevermind.

Eddie didn't sell his agency,

but they're buying and selling other companies.

But he is, he is brilliant.

So he is really one of the smartest marketers I

know in marketing minds.

Um, Dow and obviously we're talking about e-comm here.

They do a lot with everything from like TikTok,

uh, like you guys done.

You're doing Amazon stuff too, right? Yeah.

Amazon, which I know came up earlier.

So there might be some value there. And just in general

e-comm tactics you need to be using for your brand

with no b******t proven strategies to maximize sales.

Please, uh, welcome Eddie Malo up.

Alright, cool. Good news

for you guys is I will keep this under 20

minutes, I promise you.

And then you all can go get drunk at the bar. Cool.

So, um, real quick, I basically just slammed a bunch

of stuff into a presentation for you guys.

First bit's about some Amazon tips, who,

who here's actually signing on Amazon.

Raise your hand. Okay, like 10% of the room,

perfect sign on Amazon,

Possibly. Well, I'll

show you why you should be selling on Amazon.

Uh, then I'll go over some TikTok shop stuff.

I think that's pretty important for you guys.

Anyone selling on TikTok shop? Raise your hand. Wow.

Like no one in this room. Holy f**k, that's bad.

Um, okay, cool. And then third one meta.

So just for context, we do about a couple billion dollars a

year in e-comm sales specifically, uh,

in our business we spend quite a bit on ads.

Um, our business is built like full funnel, so we run,

everyone thinks we just run ads,

but like really our retention email SMS team on the backend

is probably carrying like so much of the load

because our model's pretty much based on

what the guys were telling you about earlier, CAC to LTV,

that's the game that we try to play, right?

Um, so I'm gonna show you guys some cool tactics

that we're using and then, uh, I'll keep it quick.

I'm just gonna blitz through it.

If you guys have questions

at the end, we can just go over them.

So, uh, gonna talk about Amazon, some actual strategies,

TikTok shop and tips for meta ads.

So who am I? We're gonna skip this.

You already know at this point. Sorry, this clickers.

Gimme some trouble. Um, skip this two. All right, cool.

So a couple things I think that are important here.

Um, people don't realize this,

but whatever you're doing direct

to consumer on your other platforms,

you could probably match 50% plus of that just

by being on Amazon.

Uh, I think the biggest opportunity here

that people don't realize is there's this myth

that if I'm on Amazon, then I'm gonna be paying these fees,

whatever, 25, 30% to Amazon

and it's just gonna dilute my sales from my

actual website itself, right?

So this is like the myth that we all have.

In reality, most people

that are Amazon shoppers only shop on Amazon.

So even if they get an ad for your product,

they're not even transacting with you.

These people are Amazon buyers.

Nine out of 10 people

that open the Amazon app transact, think about that.

90% of visits to Amazon are transactions.

People don't go on Amazon to shop, they go to buy.

Okay, Google probably the highest intent

traffic outside of Amazon.

They're still going to shop,

they're going to compare options.

They're doing research, they're going in there, they're not,

I'm definitely leaving with a purchase on Amazon.

They're getting on there and they're making a purchase.

And that buyer pool, majority

of it is different than the buyer pool

that you're even targeting on your social media

ads in your direct response.

Even TikTok shop, TikTok shop

is actually very similar in that sense.

I have friends who literally only buy s**t on TikTok shop.

That's their, that's it.

Even when they go to search for stuff,

they don't even search on Amazon anymore.

They go search whatever face cleanser on TikTok shop,

and then they're going through TikTok shop, right?

These people are very platform dependent

and so you guys think it's diluting maybe a small

percentages, but the reality is majority

of it's gonna be new traffic, new customers

that you'll never, ever, ever have access to, right?

And there's a lot of cool things you can do on Amazon.

Like for example, Amazon, uh, is legally required

to give you guys and you have

to kind of dig deep to get to it.

There's a bunch of clicks, but at the end of the year,

they're basically required to give you guys,

everyone's like physical address, name, email,

this information, pretty much everything except emails

about the people for tax purposes, right?

And so you can actually dig in Amazon, download that list,

you can cross match that list

with their actual emails using like normal

email finding software companies.

And then you can match their addresses

and their names with actual emails.

So like this whole myth too that like you don't get any

of the customer data, blah, blah,

blah on Amazon, it's actually false.

People just like don't know some

of these hidden tricks inside of Amazon, right?

And so obviously they manage everything for you, et cetera.

Another really cool thing that you can do is, um,

Amazon now actually has an incentive for you

to run traffic directly to Amazon.

So if you think about, like,

I'll give you like a rough example of math here.

Let's say your site converts at 5%,

but sending someone to an Amazon page will convert at 7%

instead of five because they're just used

to transacting on Amazon.

It's actually really beneficial for you

because Amazon will give you a custom link to run ads to,

and if you run ads

and they click that link to go to your listing

and they purchase Amazon will

significantly reduce their fees.

So as an example, let's just say you're getting charged 25%

by Amazon for purchases on Amazon.

If you run retargeting ads bottom of funnel

or top of funnel, whatever you wanna do

to your Amazon listing, it will track

that it came from your ad

and they'll charge you 8% as an example, instead of 25.

So you can make that margin spread

to sending directly on Amazon.

There's a lot of really cool s**t that you can do.

Next phase of Amazon rollout just for context,

is gonna be integrated with meta ad catalogs.

So right now, when you guys run ads on meta,

you can do like catalog ads from like your shopping feed

directly from Shopify or whatever platforms you're using.

You can just run those ads. It's gonna

do the same for Amazon now.

So Amazon's gonna integrate just like TikTok shop

is, but for meta.

And so now everyone's gonna have two day delivery integrated

through Amazon, directly through Meta.

So the higher ranked you are on Amazon from now,

the more beneficial it's gonna be when that happens, right?

It's gonna open up a massive,

massive opportunity for everyone.

So a couple things that are important, um,

so Amazon is not like as simple as everyone makes it sound,

but it's also not as difficult as people think, right?

So a couple things that are important, we go full funnel.

So a lot of people just like throw their s**t up on Amazon,

they don't even care about like organic SEO

and they think like the whole game is like PPC and ads.

Uh, I'd kind of like suggest staying away from that.

We really dig deep on Amazon.

SEO if you look at some of the keywords

that you guys are targeting on Google

and you look at the search volume on Amazon, some

of these keywords have like 30 million, $40 million a month

of transaction volume on Amazon.

Uh, and everyone's just trying to spend PPC ads to get them.

But really organically is like the throne

that you wanna hold because you have

no customer or CPA, right?

The only acquisition cost is the Amazon fees to fulfill.

Uh, and so most of the stuff that we're doing across the

board is all SEO based.

Uh, obviously we scale eventually with PPC,

but the SEO side is probably the most important side

and I don't have a lot of time to go through too much of it,

but if you guys hit me up on Instagram or something

after, I'll give you a bunch of resources

for like our checklist that we go

through if you guys wanna optimize your own Amazon

stuff, um, et cetera.

Another thing that's super important is you can actually do

a lot of bundling on Amazon.

Uh, so same metrics

that the guys were talking about earlier, like L-T-V-A-O-V,

CAC tacos, which is basically, you know, CAC on uh,

or cost of goods on Amazon.

Um, essentially like there's some, the metrics

that we're looking at and we're doing the same exact thing

that you guys are doing on direct response.

We're just doing it on Amazon with some fees.

And so it's a very, very big opportunity

and most of you guys in this room aren't even doing it.

So think about all your competitors

who are doing the same exact thing, right?

Uh, average for us about 153% average revenue growth when

someone joins on Amazon, uh, from scratch.

It's, it's pretty sick, honestly.

Um, lemme give you some

of these like actual tangible strategies here.

So number one, when you're doing creatives on Amazon,

it's probably like one of the biggest things is actually

the first creative image.

Amazon's obviously an image-based platform with some text.

Uh, little things you can do is just like simple s**t like

that, like viral on TikTok, viral on YouTube.

You know, if you guys are running a ton

of ads on meta viral on Facebook, viral on Instagram,

et cetera, those things actually increase

CTR pretty heavily.

And you gotta understand from an SEO perspective, this is

how Amazon tracks it, right?

What's the keyword the person to search for?

And did they click on your listing?

It's not even about the purchase.

Did they click on your listing? Yes.

And then the next metric they measure is what percentage

of people that clicked on your listing from

that keyword ended up transacting?

And it's so three layers, right?

And they're just measuring, okay, did they get the click?

That means their image is really good, move them up.

Oh, but they got a lot of clicks,

but not a lot of purchases.

That means it was misleading even though people thought it

was for this keyword, they went

and they actually didn't transact.

So their image is good,

but the product is not aligned with the keyword, right?

It's very simple. So typical stuff that you'd normally see.

Number two, I'm sure you guys have seen this on

Amazon, everyone can do this.

It's super awesome.

But you can basically do slash

through pricing anytime you want.

Uh, it used to be like you have

to run like an offer and it's super specific.

It was kind of complicated. Uh,

Amazon's been a little bit looser with the rules now,

so you can just slash through pricing.

So, you know, when you're competing with other people

and they're selling a $10 product,

you can literally position yourself as 15 bucks, 16 bucks,

whatever it is, slash out as a discount.

They don't have a discount. I mean,

they're selling it for nine without a discount.

You're selling it with nine with a discount.

People are gonna feel like they're getting a better

deal, a more premium product.

Very, very easy stuff for you guys to do in the backend.

You can literally go, it's under offers,

uh, and then you can run it.

So another thing on the PPC side, uh,

we get super, super low, uh, bids here.

So you can see we're bidding like 55 cents,

45 cents a click, 25 cents a click.

Um, so we're aiming extremely low on some of these CPC bids.

And you can see the ROAS on the right side, like, uh, 11.8,

return eight, return 9.6 return, 15.6 return, 35 return.

Uh, so the raws is pretty strong, right?

And these are kind of all the keywords if you wanna just

take a picture, these are the things

that get us the highest, uh, amount of return on ad spend

and we can bid super cheap.

So like, we'll take someone who, you know, a keyword

that suggested bid is a dollar, we'll cut it in half

and we'll bid 50 cents and there's so much volume

that there are still bids at 50 cents that go through

and we're able to get the clicks for half the cost

for the same keywords, right?

Very simple stuff. Competitor Asim products, which is huge.

And here, here's the thing, I, I bet you for a lot

of you guys that are running serious traffic,

you'll go on Amazon

and your keywords have significant search volume.

Like your own brand keywords might have 10,000, 20,000,

30,000 searches a month

and your competitor is literally eating all of it.

They're paying pennies on the dollar

because you're not doing any brand defense.

So these guys are getting away with like a little robbery,

like they're paying 10 cents a click on your keywords

to get your purchase and transaction

because you're not even on the platform, right?

So even from a brand defense standpoint, uh,

super, super necessary.

And number four, again, as you can tell, common theme

of the day average LTV.

So Amazon does a pretty good job.

Uh, there's other softwares outside of just Amazon,

uh, that do this stuff for you guys.

But you can basically ca calculate your

actual customer, LTV.

How many of these people are actually returning?

What percent of them are repeat customers?

What's the average repeat LTV versus average LTV?

You can see our LTV to CAC ratio 6.3 x according

to the guys earlier, that's pretty decent.

Um, no VSLs, no direct response.

And the thing is, it's infinitely

scalable practically, right?

Like we are always finding new pockets on Amazon to grow,

and their user base on Amazon is still growing.

The amount of purchases per user on

Amazon every year is growing.

And for all the guys out there, if you're married,

you have about 10 Amazon boxes on average

outside your door every day when you get back from work.

So another thing is, uh, TikTok shop.

So, um, I'm,

I'm not really gonna read these slides honestly,

I'm just gonna tell you guys a little bit about

it 'cause a lot of things have changed.

Um, but a couple things.

Um, so TikTok shop, you guys, a lot

of the themes earlier were like creatives.

And, and honestly even, you know, the guys from earlier, uh,

Jeff and Mark, they scaled their brands mainly

through like obviously LTV creation, all this stuff.

But how, how many creatives did you guys say you ran?

Like 12,012, they made 12,000 creatives,

180 a week, 180 creatives a week,

12,000 creatives total in their brand,

and they got those kind of results, right?

In reality, guys, in today's world,

this is the game we have to play, right?

There's so much organic traffic that we're fighting

because all these creators are organically meeting creatives

that we have to be able to keep up

or outpaced ourselves on the ad side.

And so I love using creators from TikTok to do so

because I can get most

of these creators at no cost in return for some sort

of commission split on my product, right?

And I can be super aggressive with what I want

to pay on commission and I can handpick the creators.

The downside is when you get on TikTok shop,

everything's very transparent.

So if you have x amount of volume,

you can only send x amount of messages to creators, right?

And so creators can see how much money you've made.

So if a creator looks at your store, they say, oh,

you've only done $0 the last 30 days.

I don't wanna work with you,

you're not gonna make me any money, right?

But you can get on the platform, you can run promotions

to your email list, pushing them to try, you know,

transacting on TikTok shop.

You can run ads on TikTok shop, get your volume up,

and then there's really cool automated bots

where you can filter based on people's demographics

or creator engagement, et cetera.

And it'll auto reach out

to these creators thousands at a time.

And then you'll be able to handpick which creators do you

want to approve and then send them the product.

And now basically what we're doing is we're farming a

massive creative pool of a bunch of people

who are making creatives for us.

We'll take the winners.

So let's say a hundred people make us creatives.

There's probably like five people

that actually make us good money.

We'll take those five people, we'll put them on an actual

retainer, and then we'll ask them

to make us 10 creatives a week, for example.

And now we're creatively forming ourselves over and over

and over again, and it increases the GMV

of the actual TikTok store over time lets us reach out

to bigger creators because now our numbers look bigger.

It's just this big flowing cycle.

It's a slow start, but it's very well worth it

because the cool part is our most successful meta ad

accounts at scale come from more creative.

And there a lot of them are being supported right

now by TikTok shop.

'cause we're able to make all these

creatives on TikTok shop.

Then there's a bunch of people who just

for free tag you on TikTok.

We take all those creatives, we go,

we put them on meta, we run those as ads.

They end up being our best performers across the board.

Um, no. So we run the ads on meta regardless.

Um, I've actually like never had an issue.

'cause most of these guys aren't like big public names.

They just like make a damn good creative, right?

And then if there's ever an issue, like honestly, like I'm,

I'm ahead of the issue in a way

because when someone does well for us, I'm reaching out

to them saying, Hey, this stuff's really working.

Like we'd love to put you on a retainer, right?

Um, I could charge, I could also like pay them a percent

of ad spend on their ad,

but like at scale, that becomes a disaster, right?

And so I'd rather most

of these creators like you give them like 1500 bucks a

month, 2000 bucks a month to make you like 10 videos a week.

They're ecstatic. Like you just paid their rent

and their car payment and their car insurance.

So they're like, I'm f*****g golden, right?

They're bragging to their friends about it.

So, uh, obviously you guys are all super mega deca

millionaire rich in this room,

and no one cares about 1500 bucks,

but the rest of the world does.

Um, another cool thing, TikTok is obviously like, I mean,

they're making a lot of money right now.

Uh, they're basically running ads on Google

for certain products by themselves without your ad spend

to people's products on TikTok shop.

So not only are you gonna be advertising

for yourself on TikTok shop,

but TikTok shop, your TikTok shop is gonna start organically

ranking on Google and they're running ads to your Google,

uh, to your listing on TikTok shop

through their Google shopping too.

So TikTok is doing this all for us.

Another really cool thing is there's a lot

of incentives that TikTok does.

So examples like a co-funding one.

So TikTok will let you run like,

and again, over time these incentives

are gonna go away, right?

So like the sooner you get in,

the more you can take advantage of them.

But like TikTok for example, will say, Hey, uh,

you can offer 20% on your whatever, you know, cleanser.

Uh, if you offer 20% on your cleanser, we'll pay, uh,

we'll pay 10% and you'll pay 10%.

We'll split it in half. In some cases they'll literally be

like, Hey, offer 20% on your products to get more sales.

We'll front the 20% for you.

And so the customer is getting a 20% discount,

but you're not paying it as the brand owner.

You're literally getting

that money reimbursed to you from TikTok.

I have access directly to tiktoks HQ and their team.

If any of you guys are running ads on TikTok, let me know.

And I can basically attach like a seven point a half percent

cash back on your TikTok account back to your bank account.

So like you can imagine like three

to 5% cash back on a credit card,

another 7.5% from attaching the ad account

to my agency account.

And then all of a sudden you're getting 10% back on all your

money spent on TikTok ads, which is pretty f*****g nice.

Um, here's some cool stuff too on TikTok,

and you should use this even if you're not selling on

TikTok, but tools like Fast Moss Callow data, uh,

they basically offer you like pretty transparent visibility

into what products are booming on TikTok.

Um, I don't care what you guys think,

TikTok is like the trendsetter right now.

Everything pops on TikTok before it pops everywhere else.

Always like I'll literally see it,

I'll see like f*****g ashwagandha going off

and then like a month later, everyone f*****g,

every brand in the world is selling

Ashwaganda all over the internet, right?

And so tiktoks a pretty good predictive analysis of trends.

And these softwares literally

tell you everything that's happening.

You can see all, all the volume,

you can start copying other people's products.

You can spin off other brands for yourself pretty easily.

Um, the opportunity's pretty crazy.

So last couple things on meta we spend,

I don't know how much we spend on meta at this point.

Probably like 30 to $40 million a month.

Actually probably more than that. Probably 40

to $50 million a month on meta.

Um, and these are kind of the things that are,

that we're seeing the most of.

Now, I know a lot of you guys might be like direct response

VSL, this stuff is more catered towards like e-comm,

Shopify WooCommerce type stuff.

Uh, but we call these listicles internally.

So like timeline nutrition,

this is a pretty big brand we work with.

Um, they just got funding about a year ago from L'Oreal

for almost $80 million.

Uh, pretty big brand. They're definitely, you know,

changing the health space as a whole.

We tested every single product page, every variation,

we split test everything we possibly could.

We moved to what we call a listicle.

So like, you know, six reasons why mito Pure

is your key to healthy aging.

And then we're putting things on the actual article

itself and then selling the product.

CPAs drop 20 to 50% depending on the account that we see,

especially if you guys are in the health

space, the cosmetic space.

This kind of stuff really works

because people take it as like a second layer of education

as opposed to showing up on a product page

and then feeling like the whole time they're reading it.

It's like you kind of describing the

product yourself and selling it.

It almost feels like a third party is talking about the

product and then they build more

trust in your product itself.

So, correct.

Yeah, correct. So it's just versus, so it's like this is

what we're running now versus those, and it's,

and we've decreased CBA pretty dramatically.

So, um, here's another example.

So you can see here like, you know, same thing.

Peop five reasons why people are throwing out

their old lashes for dough.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

You know, and people feel like they're actually getting

education out of it, uh,

versus just looking at a product page.

So this works really well for us right now.

Another thing, pretty old trick in the book,

but, uh, if you guys

aren't doing this, you definitely should.

We whitelist ads.

So we'll basically just run ads from different pages,

sometimes from influencer pages, sometimes from just pages.

We spin up with certain titles like this, you know,

healthy fines as opposed to super powders as an example.

Um, that way we're creating different ways

that people can see the ad.

Sometimes it drops CPM dramatically.

So this one, for example, you can see this is the

main brand Super powders.

CPM is $21, almost CPM on the second page. No difference.

Same targeting, same audience, literally nothing different.

8.8 CPM. We literally cut the CPM by almost a third.

Uh, it's, it's almost a third of the cost of the main one.

And then our cost per click went down from 3.6

to 2.1 just using different pages.

So sometimes experimenting

with different pages and spinning off pages.

I mean, dude, a VA can go use AI

and fill up an entire page

with content in like one hour in today's world

and you can basically spin it off and run ads from that too.

So at at scale you gotta test everything, right?

Because a 10% drop in CPM

for us when you're spending 2 million bucks a month on an

account is, is pretty massive across the board.

Um, this is something I see,

especially in the Twitter world.

A lot of people in Facebook like have like one thing

that they do that they swear by.

So like, oh, I only do CBO campaigns,

or I only do a BO campaigns,

or I only do uh, you know,

bid caps or whatever it is, right?

Everyone has like their, their own thing that they do

that's, or one thing that they swear by.

Uh, I'm the opposite.

I'll test everything right out the gate

and then based on the account,

some accounts will really do well

with Just Advantage Plus, for example.

And then I'm automating most of the account

through Advantage plus some accounts.

Advantage Plus is absolute trash.

And I'm focusing on like cost caps and CBOs.

And so I challenge you guys,

if you are like limiting yourself to like certain kinds

of placements or strategies inside of Facebook,

I would really recommend opening up the

gate, trying all of them.

Start from ground zero, almost try all the strategies inside

of your account that Facebook allows you to do.

And then from there you can start shaving off the ones

that don't work for your account.

But too many people I see, especially in the Twitter world,

like they're swearing by like one thing and one thing only.

And this is all you gotta do.

Uh, and then everyone follows that advice

and then it doesn't work for that reason.

But every account is different

and we gotta be realistic

with ourselves at this point in the world.

AI and the algorithms are just

so much better than we are as humans.

Like, I mean, it sucks for me to say,

'cause I've been media buying for 12 years.

I remember when like I was looked at as like a god

for media buying 'cause I could run ads and s**t.

And in today's world, like these algorithms are running

circles around me, right?

So I still can be really good at things that are intangible,

like creatives, making good hooks,

getting people's attention, you know,

increasing click-through rates and things like that.

But from an audience testing standpoint,

from a placement testing standpoint,

these things will run circles

around us at the end of the day, right?

And so we gotta trust the algorithm to do that work.

And so we test it all. So this is an account for context.

What is, what year is this?

This is last year, January to November, uh, 2024.

In comparison to 2023, you can see $28 million.

Uh, the year before they only did 18 million the year

before they only did 8 million.

Uh, so this brand's pretty much growing

by about $10 million top line, uh, every year.

And their margins are increasing as a percentage, uh,

as we're scaling up too, right?

And it's because we're trusting the

platform to be able to do this.

And as we roll more scale,

the platform becomes smarter and only helps us.

And then, uh, last but not least, I mean,

I feel like this room is probably the best at this out

of everyone that I've talked to.

But uh, obviously running really sick offers is really the

game changer for a lot of these brands, right?

Uh, being able to position things differently on the front

end, giving things for free running bundle offers.

I love like bundling free things.

So like free shaker, bottle free cookbook, you know,

free course, whatever it is.

You can find ways to add free things

to make the offer spicier, uh, by adding very little cost,

uh, on the back end as well.

So this, this some accounts, honestly, guys,

we like, we hit a blank.

We hit a wall, we can't scale it.

We'll flip offers, we'll try three, four different offers

that make sense from a cost of goods standpoint.

We'll run four offers at the same time.

One of them always booms

and then we'll, we'll literally scale up the entire

account just by switching the offer.

Um, so if you're not really optimizing

offers, you should be thinking about it.

And then this is, uh, my secret cheat code.

Um, so this is one of our accounts.

Uh, this is the last month.

Uh, you can see, uh, what is that from the third of, uh,

February to the 4th of March.

Um, so basically this is a software.

Um, what it does is it takes all

the people that visit your website.

Um, you can basically create filters.

So I, I could say, for example, I want someone

who has spent at least 60 seconds on my website,

uh, and they viewed a product.

If they leave my website and they don't give their opt-in

or their information, I want you to just pull their email,

pull their address, pull their information,

everything, and it'll pull 'em.

'cause this, this, uh, website transparently,

I also invested in the company a year ago too.

Um, this website basically has information on

280 million Americans.

Everything, their credit score, their birthday,

their address, their name, their buying behavior,

everything you can think of.

And so this account in particular,

for example in the last 30 days,

has made an extra $1.5 million from the software.

They've resolved a hundred and forty four, a hundred forty

5,000 new emails to their emails list.

So think about how much more revenue is gonna be generated

from those emails over time,

not just the 1.5 million internally.

And then obviously the, the objection is,

well these people are cold, they never opted in.

Do you have high spam rates? Do you have low open rates?

52% open rate, 4% click rate on the emails?

Uh, and this is a pretty big store, right?

The store is probably doing like six, $7 million top line.

I mean almost 25% of that is coming from the software.

Their bill for the software this month was $11,500.

I checked before I came up here.

So if you guys are running traffic, if you guys have a lot

of visitors in, but count, uh, you can scan this code.

It'll give you a free trial, you can use the software.

I mean all our biggest brands,

this is the biggest cheat code

because like obviously it does all this stuff, that's cool.

But I can also feed all that back to Facebook

so I can feed the data back to Facebook.

I can literally take anonymous visitors

that we have no information on

that Facebook's cookie tracking isn't working on.

I can pull the direct physical address, their birthday,

their name, their email address,

and literally put them back into a lookalike audience on

Facebook or a direct targeting audience on Facebook,

uh, and scale it up too.

So this has been one of our cheat codes,

especially as you guys hit scale.

I mean the numbers are stupid. These guys got like, what,

like 150 x return on the software.

Um, and this is a million and a half dollars

and 145,000 emails that they would never,

ever, ever have seen.

And they're running the same amount of traffic,

the same amount of ad spend.

Uh, this is just kind of being able to clean up a lot more

of it, uh, than you guys had.

And that is all I have. Did I beat 20 minutes?

That was great. Close enough. Cool.

No at the bar. Cool. Thank you so much guys. Appreciate it.

Thanks. Heavy.

Oh yeah. Yeah.

Does anyone have any questions

for Eddie before we wrap up?

Yes, lemme come over to you.

What are your thoughts on a TikTok shop

being banned and things like that?

It's not gonna get banned, I say no more.

That's, But like for you guys,

I'm sure you'd be very happy if it got banned, right?

Everyone just moved, right? I was kind

Of preying on his outfall, but I would get on it.

It's not gonna get, yeah.

Yeah, it's not, it's not gonna get banned.

Uh, have you ever worked with any companies

that have certain restrictions around Amazon

or TikTok like CBD companies

All the time? C, BD

weapons. I mean,

ccb d's a little bit like you're not gonna get on am, uh,

TikTok shop with CBD, right?

Let's call It hemp. On on meta.

You can on Amazon, you can with hemp.

Um, but like honestly for those products, this software

that I was showing you like is like my hidden gem,

like almost every, again, I'm, I'm,

I bought into the company, so I'm the third biggest

partner on the table at this point.

I spent a lot of my cash on it.

The pretty much every weed company in America,

like big ones uses the software.

We have about 400 weed companies using the software

because if you think about it, traffic's so hard to come by.

So a lot of, you know, weed companies depend on influencers

and things like that, that aren't really opt-ins

or trackable to that sense.

And so they're able to use the software

to just clean up all the visitors

and still get their information, put 'em on an email list,

move 'em to email and SMS as opposed to ads.

And then they're basically making their

money on the backend.

So a lot of these brands are doing like 70% attributed

revenue from email and SMS

And grabbing the emails through

that platform is like compliant still

Super in America, fully legal in Europe.

It's not allowed. Got it.

Yeah. Okay. We'll talk after. Yeah.

Um, my first question is about the Amazon side.

Um, we like, uh, we've been using a company to gen

to manage our Amazon products,

but, um, we would like to get everything internal,

but our biggest problem is like, um, our offers

like a scan, direct response offers.

We usually don't get like a, um, trademark.

So a lot of people start to like, uh, creating products

with our like, uh, with our products, right?

So, um, we have, that's the biggest issue we have on Amazon.

Do, do you recommend anything, any like, uh, agency

or any like a lawyer

or something that could help us prevent that so

that way we can and manage your or own like Amazon account?

Um, okay, so a couple things.

One, uh, you're never gonna be able

to stop that unless you have a patent.

Mm-hmm. Okay. And even if you

have a patent, I'll give you an ex.

'cause when I saw those numbers, I really wish you could

gather because I have Amazon for like a wholesale,

nothing impressive.

But I really wish you could like internalize the Amazon

stuff based on what it showed.

But you can though, you can,

you can stop them from selling It

Can, can we? Yes.

Yes. Let later big brands wholesale their products.

Mm-hmm. And that's where this concept came from.

So like if you take like Fiji water, if you go

to Fiji Water on Amazon, there's only one listing

of a six pack of Fiji water.

Mm-hmm. But if you click it, it'll be like 148 sellers

and it's people that have the ability

to resell Fiji water on Amazon.

So it's a very common thing. We just don't realize it.

'cause we just go to Amazon, you know, add to car.

I want this Fiji water done.

And then what Amazon will do is it'll shuffle

between 150 people, whoever's next in queue to fulfill

that product and get the order themselves.

Right. But Fiji could go to Amazon

and say, we don't want anyone to sell our product except us.

Mm-hmm. And they're fine.

Even if your trademark is still pending.

I think you can still get some work done on that.

But again, it really doesn't matter.

'cause if you're better at Amazon,

you're gonna get all the sales, right?

So like the only reason they're taking your sales is

'cause they're undercutting your price somehow,

which like should be impossible

considering the fact that you're making it.

And number two, like they probably are just

better at Amazon than you are.

Just like we were better at Amazon than Rich.

I mean, rich has every resource

where they make hundreds of millions of dollars.

I can't tell you how many times I sat in front of lawyers

that probably cost them millions of dollars a year just

to have this lawsuit and like they still couldn't beat us.

You know what I mean? Sometimes, like,

and that's why sometimes bringing it in house

is not a good idea as well.

Okay. Like I have so many the same client,

the wallet client, he, he brought it in house

'cause his billing got too expensive with us.

It wasn't even that much. It was like 1520 KA month,

but we're making it millions of dollars.

Right? He brought it in house.

Not even 30 days went by, he came back.

He's like, I brought it in house.

I brought three different people to run Amazon.

I'm, I'm literally down 700 grand in sales this

month compared to last month.

So like sometimes an an agency is very advantageous,

especially for something like Amazon.

'cause it's not like as intense as like meta media buying

where like every day you have

to watch it five times a day at high spend

and like really optimize and put in like full-time work.

Amazon. Like if I know what to pull

and you don't, you can sit here

and have all the in-house team

and I can just be like, click this button

and then this button makes me more money.

Right? Yes. And so that's

what you're really paying for at the end of the day.

Okay. Cool. And then the second question about the TikTok.

So is that possible to use analytics

or anything to retarget people like from

Google whatever on TikTok?

'cause they never been in TikTok before.

Um, say it again. Use analytics, use any like source

of like, uh, data tracking

to retarget people from like other traffic source on TikTok.

Like, uh, you know, trying to cross data and bring

That, I mean you can, as long

as they all hit your website, right?

Mm-hmm. Like you can have all the pixels on your website.

Mm-hmm. And then the

TikTok pixel. Yeah.

TikTok knows that you're retargeting.

Google knows who you're retargeting Facebook. Mm-hmm.

You just put all the pixels on your website

through like a Google tag manager.

Okay. Yeah. Thank you.

Is that it? Good? Yes. To the bar we go.

All right, sweet. Thank you.

So we've got, thank you Eddie.

You're the man. Uh,

dinner tonight is at seven o'clock at Graziano.

Right? And I should put the address up

'cause there's two Graziano beware of this.

There's a graziano really close.

Like, like literally I walked

by, I did a lap around in the building.

You can see it and there's another graziano.

It's like five minutes away.

That's an actual restaurant you're doing?

Graziano is the actual restaurant.

I will plug in my computer real quick to pull up the address

of the actual, the ganos that we're going to.

So gimme one second before you leave.