Alright, so,

let's look at upcells.

Oh, my camera's like blurry, kind of, but whatever,

it doesn't really matter. Uhm,

for, you know, emma or cynocell,

I'm gonna say we'll go cynocell.

I don't know, emma is a bigger one,

it's fine. Okay,

so let's do the checkout. And now I'm gonna look at the upset.

That would give me a minute, I'm gonna check out.

Alright, oop. So,

now we have more of a direct response.

Video, let's watch the beginning of this.

We'll come back to it in a minute,

I just swiped it which is fantastic. Oh,

I'm marking it as an upsell it does, like it is an upsell,

but sure. Umm,

okay, so this is more of a classic VSL,

alright. Pour in, do not close this window,

nor click the back button, clicking back button goes on in order to be

in double build. It gets real aggressive DR right away.

Worth noting. People ask about a video upsell,

do you do the timer or

do you, uh, you know, do you show the product option right away or

no? They do, okay? This is what I just bought,

I can't remember honestly.

Pretty sure it's what I just bought, but let's go over to swipe builder.

So,

how long is the video? It's 10 minutes long.

Go ahead and pop this open.

Sewing for the transcription to come through.

Let's go. Go

up, sew one. Save the link.

Let's see if the link will work.

Interesting. So the link won't work. If you do, let's go ahead and give

you your thank you page. Oh,

great. Show me if you want it. Cool. Whatever.

I got a gate. I got guards and stuff. Umm.

The transcript come through. Alright,

well, let's watch a couple minutes of it while we wait for the transcript

anyway.

Right? What are we doing? We're basically

promising better results, right?

Umm,

this is honestly the template for more direct response brands who are running video.

This is like the template what they're doing that I see working the best

for people when I see a pro who do video upsells, for example.

Which is like, hey, we're from 10 to 15 minutes, even 18 minutes long.

And, basically, the script is,

hey, did a great job. I'm telling you how to get the best results.

To get the best results, you need to keep taking it,

right? It kind of quickly re-educates them on the UMP.

Like, remember, here's the problem. Here's what's going on.

And then it's like, you know, Emma solves this,

but you guys keep taking it. And then the scary consequence,

if you don't keep taking it, what happens?

Oh my g- Well, your gut's gonna have parasites laying eggs in it and

stuff, so you can better keep taking it. Um,

and we created a special deal where you're gonna save money,

right? Um.

And so, you know, we'll get this swipe. Hopefully, our friend's a swipe holder.

We'll get this transcript soon. You should just take too long, but,

I wonder here. Like, keep looking over my,

uh, my three-month-old, almost,

month-old daughter is, uh, mapping my wife and older daughter

out at a dentist appointment for her, and so I'm, like,

just making sure she doesn't wake up, and hopefully,

I can do this video, uh,

smoothly, okay? We can back watch a little bit more of this video.

It's not going to get so long. Give

me that transcript, swipe builder,

so I don't have to have to sit through the whole video.

What if I refresh this whole thing here, let's see.

Alright,

well I had the transcript when we put it in, because we can kind

of analyze the copy, and like, but honestly,

this is like, for people who do like supplements or like things we could

stock up, this is like a very good,

very classic clean stock up template. I'll share it,

and I don't think Emma should frankly get mad at me for like sharing

that one because it's like, it's nothing novel here,

it's what everyone does. Like, I did another one in the past,

where the sort of stock up up sell.

And,

it was basically the same thing. Mine was a little bit longer than 10

minutes, but umm, I think this would be a good template that couldn't,

you know, steer you wrong. So,

you get the transcript, well, share it so you can have like a quad

project to use or whatever. I do.

Oh, screenshot, screenshot with

the other transcripts.

So

now I'm just watching and it's-it's hard if I'll-you know how the transcripts go

line by line with you, but really, like, what are they doing?

They're reaffirming the purchase. How are you talking about here?

Right? In this case, the New York spam problem is like,

well, you know, you should take it, for,

I guess they're sort of, like, reminding them of the problem.

The existing problem. And then really,

like, but, you know, if you run out of stock,

you're getting results, things are gonna be bad, right? Like,

so I created a special discount, a special package,

smart people say more. You can just, you know,

use the word smart several times. My smartest customer is to keep checking to

see that transcript, so it's be loaded. Yeah.

You all that, right? Umm,

and it's got a scarcity, hey, this page only,

today only, all that.

Looks great. No thanks.

Let's go to what will probably be the next upsell,

which will be a crosssell, I would imagine. Probably also a video,

but let's find out. Wow,

that was it, huh? This

is a nice video to kind of tell them what's going on.

I'm surprised they don't have another upsell. So now, you know what?

Screw it. Let's go. Sign of sell. Might as well just buy it also.

I'm a dude. I'm a surprise there's this one on second side.

I wonder if I bought that if they were gonna offer me more stuff.

Uhm.

So let's go sign

of sell. Expired. My special place is expired.

Oh my god, it's back. Alright, woman. Okay,

so as you'll recall. Let's

recall. Same company owns both these things.

I'm in sign of sell. Package.

Bigger. How many bosses has that still got F3?

I know, I thought I just bought one. So I thought I just bought

one bottom. I got more. I wonder.

Umm.

Either way. As you can

probably guess, this is gonna be probably

a very similar script to what, you know,

we just saw a fellow. Let's

see if this is gonna be, the same length or it's gonna be shorter.

So let's go into this for a minute.

Fresh shit. That was 9 minutes, Emma.

Sign of so long. 12 minutes, actually, right?

Yeah, this should do. It would be nice. I can do a faster playback

speed. It's

funny that MSM is such a common ass ingredient,

but, What I want you to know,

even with this video, is you might be like, okay they're educating them about

the ingredients, guess what? They talk about this in their VSL,

their VSL is like 50 minutes long or something like that,

it's long. They do like 5 minute video ads to like 30-50 minutes.

50 minute long VSLs, then you buy,

now you're here. Cause that people go, oh no,

they must be tired of watching videos, it's like, I'm not,

I don't think so. Based on my experience with the April members too,

it's probably gonna work best.

If you're not doing super ready to become, or it doesn't make sense to

have a video like this, it probably makes sense.

And it's gonna be the same basic thing, right? It takes time.

Here are the, look at all the talent, you see that?

Umm, like it takes time. The ingredients,

what reminder of what's going on, how this works,

how it fixes it. You know, supplies are low.

Let's see. Oh yeah,

so it's gonna be on right? The little guide,

you're buying it's time to use this. I'm skipping because,

some future

pacing. Let's see.

Nice. So this one looks like I got the transcript. And by the way,

what I often do is,

go to my friends at Po. This is baby stirring,

so that's a little concerning. Assistant,

here's a video script.

Please. Uh,

format. add it with a,

um,

in between each line. You can do it over multiple.

Top puts as needed, right?

Give me a moment. Top

and clipboard. the board. Sorry,

okay, that's gonna be better.

Yeah. Okay, so

I'm gonna say, see this.

So, I'm gonna sell

one script. It's kinda- Okay, because if I don't get the ammo relief one.

Okay, so I'm just using the little chat assistant.

Even though it's, like, empty over multiple outputs.

It's, like, basically so fast and easy.

Continue, please.

Yes, please. Caught sincel, but that's okay. Yes, please. Alright.

So why is that so helpful?

Now it's nice and pretty for us to look at, right?

So let's kind of quickly look at it, and we have our transcripts for,

if we want to use claw to write some more cell upsellers for our

supplements, right? Oh, congratulations. You'll make a great decision saying yes to sign up

cell today. Obviously, this is sign up cell. You can keep it like as

is. This is not care. Or if you go, c'mon,

control-find, sign-cell. Here you go, push-all with sign-o cell.

Alright. Now make sure you see on this page and you don't accidentally close

the page or hit the back

button,

you're in the right place. Make sure you watch this video to the very

end, because once you leave this page, you won't be able to see this

again. Yes, it's really that important. Right?

As a VIP customer, I prefer to go, especially if you can stock up

on sign-o-cell at the lowest price available for this,

for this page only. There's three important reasons to do that.

So the first reason is like, hey, it takes time to fix your cartilage.

Here's a reminder that the ingredients we have all help with that,

right? But if you run out of sign-o-cell too soon,

you can order this- process. That's why you'd want to stock up.

There's some future pacing, right? Imagine how good it's going to feel,

waking up with ease, feeling limber, your pain future- future begins with a daily

consistent use, and stock up ensures nothing.

It stands the way of your progress. Creating a foundation for long-term health.

Um,

as we age, natural wear and tear on our joints accelerates,

our body's ability to repair car- and maintain flexibility declines.

As carlage becomes thinner, we have more risk of stiffness and all this stuff,

right? Sound of self fights that. So as we've shown,

that consistent support for joint health can significantly slow the breakdown of carlage and

prove overall health. So it's really just like all they're

doing is like telling you about how, hey,

it's proven that the longer you use this supplement,

the better your joints are going to be. And this page offers you a

deep discount, but it's only available now. So,

don't leave. How other customers have shared stories or regret,

they wish they got it sooner. They don't, don't be in the same position

as them, right? If you leave, um.

When you leave, make sure you're set up for an under, under, under support,

right? More

future policing. Every day you'll notice less stiffness,

smoother movement, or a new sense of freedom. Why wait for months when you

think so right in the process now? Umm,

that went up as a simple way to start your progress and stocking up

in a shirt, because you have enough to keep going without interruption. Right?

Don't want to feel your best. Take advantage of this opportunity to stock out,

stock up. I guess there's no more urgency in scares.

The un-ingredience, right? Here's another important point.

It's craft of these rare,

hard-to-source ingredients, right? Don't

have a setback. I mean, it's really repetitive. I'm not gonna,

like, we can put a quad and get, like, a structure, and I'll do

that for you. Umm.

But really, like- It's just telling you all

these reasons why you should stock up today, right? And if we go back

again to our little outline,

it's like, better results,

really, is it? And you're gonna save money.

That's really it. The long video just increases your AOV and chances of people

actually buying bigger packages.

Right? Those are friends at EMMA.

Okay. I don't want to buy more. Did I click nothing?

I'm gonna click nothing,

so let's get some information again. What happens if I add to order?

I don't want to deal with it. I'm surprised they only do one upsell

if they're not doing cross cells. It's

worth paying a hundred forty-seven dollars to see if they do a cross cell

if you buy the first upsell. F*** it.

Let's do it. Oh,

no. Maybe not. Maybe because I actually pressed the th- even before I won't

let me do it. So,

Sorry, this is my little monitor. I wonder if I zoom out.

This baby's kinda sleeping. Alright, so those are good upsell one examples,

right? People often look for cross cell examples.

But I really think you can generally do. I conclude the

training that in the past of the Sabros 2B,

like, sort of umm,

upsell one, which is for a difference in infoproct.

So I'll share that with you so you have that example. Um,

but it's really just the same thing, honestly. It's like,

hey, you may be your decision again, you know,

now that you're fixing this, like,

what about this, right? So, like, new problem.

So again, almost all of these did more of the same.

Which is interesting, because it works, right?

Let's buy this, uh,

this guy's capital thing. I'll do a new video. I'll come back and we'll

do that one next, okay? Umm, and I'll make sure I include the templates.

Alright, thanks. Thanks.