Alright, so now let's go ahead and join

the Capital Syndicate with our boy Lee Arnold,

okay? I'll check out,

I'll be back. Alright, so,

we got ourselves a video up so don't you know.

Whoops, let's see. Have

us in music. I think Alright,

so here's what's next. We can see what the sub-sell is going to be,

just because there's an exit pop. Hold on,

you must confirm you're permanently passing on your chance to get the private money

brokering website system and 30-minute coaching call for in-house expert.

Private money brokering website system, 30-minute coaching call for expert.

Ridiculously awesome support. By checking on the other iDecline link below,

I acknowledge this is my only chance to get this exclusive offer once I

leave this page. If I want to purchase this website system and 30-minute coaching

call, I will no longer be offered a savings of over 80%.

Yours today for just $2.97, iDecline, right. But, let's come back to that.

Let's hear it. What

I'm

wondering about is if this link will save,

because if it will, next I can maybe get a transcript of it.

Pause here for a second. So what have we seen so far,

really, right? We've seen, okay,

we get this website where it's automated.

Dealers are gonna come to you, people are gonna be coming to you,

right? Borrowers, because I guess you're doing something where you're connecting with private lending

people and taking a commission. I'm assuming that's what this whole thing is.

I haven't gone through the funnel fully enough to know,

but, right? And then, it's like,

and I'm gonna give you a coach who's gonna help, you know, help you

close your first deal. Now, the way they positioned that is like,

oh man, I'm gonna have this guy coaching me, I can talk to him,

all that, and it's like a 30 minute call. So I think there's a

little bit of a disconnect there. But what do you really get that?

Well, you're getting better results, you're getting faster results,

you get this website up quickly and it's automated,

you're getting easier results, right,

done for you. Those are the main things you're getting here,

right? Uhm, you're saving money,

you saw like the stack pop-up that came up.

Uhm,

and so, right, this is an example where you're not gonna sell them,

especially for info products, you know,

you don't sell them more of what you just got. A lot of time

for like bizop coaching marketing,

like I said before, it's like, uhm,

easier results, right?

Where did I put this before?

Yeah,

you can also kind of argue, like, I mean, it's the same thing, improved

version, right? Uhm, I mean,

it's not quite, I

should do this stuff before we're done for you,

but basically, There are two

different things, kind of. Improved version can be like, hey,

better hearing aid. Done for you is like,

hey, we're gonna do, hope you close your first deal. We're done for you.

Done with you,

right?

Okay, let's go for just another minute here.

Oh yeah, by the way, this is like future pacing.

It changes you. I can't wait for you to feel it, right? Stuff like

that. Often

with info products, coaching, higher ticket things.

Recap, here's the value stack.

You're gonna get this, this, this, and this. It should cost this much,

but it's not gonna cost this much, or this much, or this much. It's

gonna cost this really low price. That's what I'm guessing we'll see here.

And

so, they went right to $297. They could have done like $997.

That would be great, but you know, hold up. For a limited time,

you know, for the next 30 days only,

I'm going to cut it even more to make it just,

so they could have done even another price cut. You'll often see that.

They didn't do it here, but I'm just pointing that out. Sneaky

continuity, right?

So it's like, we do all this stuff, it's just $2.97,

but if you like it we'll keep your website going for $97. I mean,

it's really not unreasonable, right,

to keep a website going for $97 if it's bringing you the flow.

But they wait until they've already kind of given you that whole offer stack,

you can add to cart the whole time. So obviously,

you know, you don't realize you're going to get billed $97 on continuity.

But that is sneaky, but I'm sure making the guy some good money. Again,

I don't think this funnel is like crushing it, but like, you know,

it's not, the copy's not bad. All

right, I think you get the gist of this one. So,

we'll try and get this transcribed. No thanks.

Wait a minute. Are you sure?

I'm gonna pass. Oh,

wait a minute. Yeah,

we haven't really been looking at downsells, and so,

I'm glad that has one here.

Okay,

so it was like, I'm making notes of this.

I really didn't, I didn't take time on downsells,

and I've got old training, so I'll probably, I mean, nothing's changed with downsells.

It's still the same thing for people who do them. Oh,

wait. Too much? I really think you need this.

You're gonna save more money, right? So I said no.

They removed the coaching call, right,

for $147.

Stuck at the website. This, by the way,

is Sneaky Continuity. That we're not gonna offer.

So let's see here,

right. Watch it in a second,

a minute of it. No thanks. Oh, one final upgrade. Okay,

I paused that because I wanted to go save it.

So what do you gain with this one? All right,

you gain instant accountability. So it's kind of a new problem.

Let me go back to our upsell framework.

The new problem is, okay, you've got this, but now the problem is you,

right? How are you going to be, are you going to hold yourself accountable,

or are you going to, like, slack, right?

This is going to be a thing that's going to hold you accountable. Uhm,

and then it's going to give you a fast action plan for closing your

first deal in 45 days or less. So,

you know, the new problem has that zone,

and also, by the way, faster results and probably easier

results too, right? So,

again, it's sort of like always what you're selling there.

Sorry, I have many things open. Where's this one? There we go.

Thank you. Bye Then I guess this is the last upsell.

Let's see. The order's complete.

Here's the stuff, okay? Alright, cool.

So, that concludes upsells here.

Like I said, I'll include, uh, training aid to go through the Sabay,

Sabay Subi, Sully Crazy upsell funnel.

It's the first one. cause I think that's,

you know, that's a really good upsell for like a kind of info product

type of thing, where they're selling automation.

And frankly, I would kind of just swipe that.

And you can do it and swipe it for an upsell one. I think

I talk about that in the video, but if not,

you'll see the Sabay Subi breakdown. And,

uh, I think you're good. And I'll include trainings from downsells. It'll be old

CA Pro trainings on downsells, but like, honestly,

like I said, it's not, there's no new magic for it.

It's pretty much just Hey,

wait, like, I really think you should try this. So I'm gonna give you

an even bigger discount. Now you have no reason to say no,

right? So there you go.

Okay. Thank you.