Let me share my screen.

Cj, I have you here, you and Harvey.

'cause just as a, a note on the video format, uh,

really making a, a solid difference.

Um, and so I think if I look at upsells, like I said,

there are a lot of trainings in our members area and circle.

And so if you haven't watched those,

it really is worth going through

and looking at a couple of them.

One is, uh, from Jay to Bolt

and you know, the live thing he did at our, um, Vegas event.

So this was like a really, I just,

however, to watch this talk and implement what he says

and frankly, you do that.

You'll me a really good place.

So I'll share this document with these links here.

It's funny, this could toss you's a bunch

of great content from these old events.

This one's actually amazing for people

buying subscription businesses.

Nick, make a note. We should really watch this again.

Actually, this is a really good one, um, for subscription.

Uh, but Jays is right here, so I'm not gonna go

through everything on, uh, this call

'cause it would be redundant, but highly recommend that.

And I think Jay did a, um, training

or two with us as well in addition to that,

where if you haven't, um,

I think about swiping your way to eight figures.

Um, and I think he's done a few other things like with us.

So it's worth looking at what Jay, uh, says.

'cause Jay's sort of off the grid now,

Hannah's in this chat right now, she's part

of credit se the credit secrets team.

Um, but Jay went into, uh, NFTs

and I don't know, I'm not sure if Hannah

or Eric have talked to him in anytime recently,

but I, I haven't seen him in a long time,

but he's like the mystery man of copy accelerator, uh,

made his money, got out and went deep in crypto.

Um, but in general, like when I think about like what works

for upsells, I'm gonna focus primarily

on that upsell number one.

Um, and this is sort of part of the big idea of what Jay,

uh, Debolt talks about.

Sorry, Jay Top. I'm gonna say the name Jay,

like 55,000 times and you're gonna keep thinking.

Yeah, I keep, I keep looking up.

Like I know I don't have that problem too often

'cause there's not a lot of step ins,

but if there ever is, I'm like it.

Yeah. I'm like, is this what people

with like normal names go through every day?

You know, when you're at Starbucks and they say Matthew

or something and like 10 people turn.

Um, but really it's like, you know, you know a lot

of reaffirmation, right?

That's one of the takeaways from Jay de Bolt in

that credit secrets thing.

It's like so many people, you know,

somebody buys in the psychology, you know,

now suddenly they're on this other page

and they're kind of confused of what's happening

and they are like, where am I in the process?

Um, and like, you know, so many times we'll go into upsell.

We're like, Hey, great job.

Now I'm gonna sell you something else, right?

Um, or you kind

of make you start talking about this new problem, which is,

okay, we're gonna talk about that in a second,

but actually talk about here, like the, the, like

you wanna talk about how they're have a new problem

based on the decision they just made, um, often, but,

but you wanna really reaffirm the decision first.

So we'll talk through that a good amount.

Um, so reaffirm it like the, the new problem or like, um,

and I'll talk about what this means in a minute,

and then sort of, you know, you're doing your,

the ir this will offer kind of after that.

And another thing that, you know, um, is in some

of our trainings, but you know, just as a kind

of common 1 0 1 on upsells is like, what are we really

selling, right?

And what do people really want?

And it is like, it's, it's better results, faster results

or complimentary results.

By complimentary, what I mean is like kind of going back

to like if there's a another problem that is related.

So for example, you know, if you sell, um,

like, you know, on one level it could be like, Hey,

I've got like a have you got knee pain?

But what about your back? Right?

Like this thing, you know, this thing solves knee pain,

this thing solves back pain, right?

And so that's complimentary.

Um, the other idea behind it is like there's a new problem

of like, you know, okay, now that you're like,

I just did the, one of our, um, our,

our pro members does like sort of manifestation of stuff

and they did like, it's actually pretty,

almost a little bit messed up

and hopefully it doesn't mind that I'm gonna share the broad

idea of it, but we don't have a lot

of people in our mastermind manifestation.

But essentially it's like this

manifestation bracelet, right?

Like, hey, you're gonna manifest all of this.

Um, you know, you, you,

you're gonna manifest your dream life.

You can manifest money, relationships, whatever it is.

Um, but here's the problem.

When you manifest it, like all these people come outta the

woodwork, you know,

once you have money and they try and take it from you.

And so you're actually gonna have people trying to like,

take your money, uh, trying to like use you trying

to come after you, right?

And so, you know,

this other product essentially protects you,

you know, from those people.

And that's a mindset woo woo stuff.

So it's kind of like, I forget what,

how the product works, but Right.

That's a really interesting example

of like where there's a new problem.

So if you're, if you're cross-selling a different,

a different product, um, then it's like,

hey, this solves this problem.

Now this new problem is gonna arise, right?

And we gotta help you with that. But there's always

that logical connection, you know?

Um, like, does that make sense?

Can you guys think of examples of that?

Like, like, I'm not sure what you have.

I'm like, I can put more, or you could put some in the chat,

but it's like, um, think about like, you know, Taso,

you should have access to all of that as a member.

So if you message Rebecca, we can make sure you have access

to those recordings.

Um, you know, but it's like, it could be like dating, right?

For example, um, it's like, say you're assigned dating

to men and you're like, how to get a bunch of how

to get a bunch of dates, how to get a

woman to go out with you, right?

And it's like, okay, now you've got a bunch of dates.

The new problem is how do you, you know,

get her to keep going out with you?

Or how do you, uh, you know, get a long-term girlfriend

or how do you find your wife

or whatever the, the thing is, right?

Like, are in bed. How are you in bed?

Yeah, I was trying to keep it pg,

but yes, Nick, also, how are you in bed?

You know? Um, you know, like,

and so that's always a really, um, powerful thing.

So like, that's kinda,

we're talking about like a new problem.

Um, there's some interesting thing I'll talk about for like,

like if I talk about formats, which I kind

of like could have done like,

um, I do it like this real quick.

I would say, um, like, or,

or, you know, offers for upsell one, right?

Like, what are those typically

it's really just a couple things.

It's like, um, you know, more of the same

or, you know, a complimentary product or service.

I'll put typically, you know,

depending on if you're doing physical or or info.

Um, I think the best thing to do is gonna be,

obviously we'll just look at some examples.

Like, I literally actually wrote an upsell yesterday

and I used Claude to do it.

So I figured if I shared that process,

that would probably pretty, pretty valuable for people.

Um, and then the two samples that I still really like

for like an info product would be like a,

maybe spell his name, but the Saab Sori Subi, right?

His, um, sell like crazy upsell flow.

And then, um, this is the one I just wrote yesterday

for Fit Espresso, which is like a, uh, kind of like

somewhat like a Java burn competitor.

Kind of more, kind of more aggressive dr uh,

supplement type of offer.

Um, so let's look at cyber subies first.

I'm actually, I should have had the link

to the actual upsell pagers I have.

I'm gonna turn off my camera for one second while I pull up

the link for it so we can look at it live

and then we'll look at the actual transcript after.

So gimme one second while I go pull that up.

Um, so gimme a moment.

I'm in my, my Evernote where I keep a bunch

of swipes to things.

I gotta scroll. This one's around for a while,

but it's still very, uh, like textbook.

You want me do this? Um,

okay, here it is.

Gimme a second. I'll share my screen

and I'll make sure my audio can play out of,

uh, computer sound too.

Sorry guys. One second. I'm trying

to make sure I can share computer sound.

There you go. Continue.

Want a little Evernote? You can do it.

Course if it doesn't work on, just go to the script.

But I thought it'd be nice to look at the actual,

uh, link here.

Perfect, perfect.

That Evernote is gonna find the time not to do it.

All right, gimme one more, uh, moment here.

Lemme try it one more time. See if I can get to work

here.

Sure, you guys can't hear it, but Nick

and I in our office, the guy in the office next

to us just having loud phone conversations literally the

entire day, it's like wildly impressive.

Okay, so again, some

of you may have seen this great example for an info prox.

So they bought like a, a book on the front,

or I guess free push shipping

or like low ticket book on the front end, right?

You got this upsell,

Boom, you just did it.

You just made the smartest decision of your life

by pulling the trigger

and picking up your copy of sell like crazy.

This is gonna be a decision that you remember for the rest

of your life because it has the potential

to bring you all the customers money, freedom

and happiness that you've been

searching for with your business.

And because you've made such a smart decision today, me

and my entire office wanna celebrate all the good things

that are gonna be coming your way.

Now obviously this production is really nice.

Um, most people aren't gonna have that level

of production, but that's okay.

I'll play another maybe one or two minutes of this

and we'll move over to the transcript.

I just want you to get a feel for this video.

But before we celebrate, I wanna let you know

that the guys in the warehouse are currently packing up your

order of sell like crazy.

But until they do, it's critically important

that you watch this short video until the very end.

So make sure that you don't exit this page

or click on anything.

You are in the right place.

Now, I mentioned I wanna celebrate and even,

And actually the production, uh,

this front end VSL production is really good.

This one actually, it's just that nice clip

and then it's just like a

PowerPoint. So that's actually funny.

Hit the gong for you. Why?

Well, because you deserve to be celebrated.

You see, you might not even realize it yet,

but you just proved that you are special

because you realize that your business wasn't

where you wanted it to be.

And instead of just sitting around and complaining about it

or giving up like most people do, you decided

to do something that's going to change your life forever.

And yes, I really mean that

because by investing in sell like crazy,

you didn't just buy some marketing book,

you kicked open the doors of endless opportunity.

And now as you walk through those doors, you're about

to gain an ability that very few people on the planet have.

Okay? So when I talk about that reaffirmation,

it's pretty, you can see pretty clearly, right?

Why, um, like how much we're affirming that.

So I have, again, you're gonna get, uh, access to all

of this, uh, that I'm sharing during the video,

but I have the transcript here, right?

So, you know,

you made the smartest decision of your life, right?

This is gonna be a decision you remember for the rest

of your life, uh, has the potential

to bring you all the customers money for you

and happiness you've been searching for, for your business.

Um, you know, we're gonna celebrate you.

And then it's also like, where am I in the process?

The thing that Jay Debo talks about it, right?

Um, in the next half an hour,

our team will be sending your copy out,

but until they do, its critically important you

that you've watched this short video until the very end.

Make sure you don't exit this page or click on anything.

You're in the right place. And it goes back

to reaffirmation, okay?

Like, I wanna celebrate you. You're special.

Um, you know, your business wasn't where you want to be

and you did something that very few people did.

You know, you bought this book. This wasn't just

a a marketing book, right?

You kicked open the doors of endless opportunity.

And now as you've walked through that door,

you're gonna get this special ability

that very few people on the planet have, right?

You're gonna be able to kind of

what the promise was at the front end consistently

and predictably turn complete strangers into paying clients.

Um, and then reselling,

like the selling system in my book is going to give you

that ability, right?

Everything is about to change for you.

Um, and it's kinda just keeps going, right?

There's not a single aspect of your life

that won't get better when your business is booming, right?

Stop for a moment and feel the tension just disolve from

your shoulders back and neck as a wave

of calm washes over you really see any stress

and worries that you might've been feeling

because you won't have to spend the

weekends worrying about work anymore.

So like, if I just bought so like crazy, I mean,

I have bought it before, but actually I've never read it

and I don't think I've even got the book

to be honest with you, which is kind of crazy.

I don't know. But I don't know what's happened to, like,

he's legit, but I don't think I ever

never shipped it to me or something.

Um, but in general, if I'm like a customer who doesn't,

I'm not funnel hacking it.

Like you feel like pretty good watching this, right?

And also, like, I think I was, I was, I'll go to that, the,

the espresso upsell that I wrote yesterday, um,

like about three hours of, of quad.

Uh, but my, my theory

or the thesis is like people, you have

to grab somebody's attention, but that's

what the front end is gonna do.

But once they've gone through a, a, you know, VSL

or watching in feed ad

and then gone through the funnel, whatever, like,

and you kind of have their attention, like,

I think it takes a while for people to get tired

of being told how awesome they are.

Like, you know, you might think, okay, is this inauthentic?

Is it sort of like, um,

is somebody like gonna be like, all right, all right.

Like, a bunch of you on this call are

jaded marketers, right?

And so you're kind of like,

all right, man, what's the catch?

But the average person, like being gassed up,

like being just hyped up.

Like, I feel like, you know, we might not wanna admit it,

but you could sit here

and tell me how f*****g awesome I am for five

or 10 minutes, especially when I don't have the awkwardness

of a in-person interaction in person.

If you try to tell me how awesome I am,

I'll be like, all right, thanks, you're awesome too.

And try to like end the conversation.

But if I'm just by myself on my phone or my computer

and I'm like, go on.

You know, like, oh yeah, I'm pretty awesome, right?

And so I think like that's actually a very important point

'cause you're reaffirming it and telling the customer

how like smart and great they are.

And you know what?

I think based on the fact that this format seems

to really work and has just been proven time and time again,

and both physical and digital and info

and everything else is people have a pretty high amount

of tolerance for being told they're awesome

and private, right?

Um, and so it's just again, like, you know, really,

really laying it on top here, right?

As soon as you start implementing these strategies,

everything changes, right?

The worries you had about where your next customer would

come from, rising ag costs

or increased competition are going

to simply start to fade away.

Um, you'll finally be able to switch off

and actually enjoy the fruits of your hard work

with your family as a result of this.

Your relationship with your spouse will flourish.

Like it's your honeymoon all over again.

You'll have the total peace of mind

and confidence that financial freedom brings

because you'll have the ability

to generate new customers that will.

So I mean, how many words into this are we at this point,

right at this point, 585 words,

let's like a non insignificant amount

of words and we're not done, right?

No more scrolling through Instagram,

looking at Charlotte photos

and fanboying over other people's lives

and saying, that would be nice someday, right?

Like, so when I say you made the smartest decision you've

ever made, I mean it, and then they

kind of address it at this point.

Now, all this may cause your detector to echo

through the halls of your brain like a screaming banshee.

I get it. I would be the same if it wasn't for the thousands

of five star reviews and the countless people who've used

the selling system in my book

to explode their business and transform their lives.

Um, and so like, you know, it's still,

still like social proof, right?

Addressing that objection here.

Social proof of like, um, you know,

like all these people have used it, all

of these sales, it works.

And then there's a shift, right?

J Debolt has the exact same thing in like

that credit secret style one too.

Like, listen, that's all you need

to change your life forever, just having one selling system

that converts complete strangers into high paying clients.

And now you finally have a blueprint

for putting a selling system like this together.

So your life's about to go from darkness

to light, or is it, right?

So here's where you introduce the doubt,

and it's like almost a direct swipe from

what I think the credit secret upsell was

and what other people, uh, Justin Goff talked about,

and like ooff as well, right?

So you get, you just painted this whole picture,

you reaffirmed it, they're feeling good,

and now you're kind of sounds f****d up,

but you're kind of making them feel this fear of what

that was taken away, right?

Maybe you'll have none of it.

Whoa, maybe this was all just a dream.

Maybe you continue to work your butt off round the clock,

dealing with all the stress, hassle,

and uncertainty of guessing your way

through this with trial and error.

Maybe your father-in-law was right about you.

It's a great line of copy, right? Very funny, very good.

Maybe your hair will go 50 shades of gray from dealing

with the never ending s**t storm of working

with penny pinching clients

who want high end results for sweatshop rates.

Or maybe you'll just continue to wake up every morning

to an empty inbox of one

or maybe two leads that are completely time wasters

or price shoppers looking at your business every day

and worrying about where the money will come from.

These are all real possibilities.

How could this happen right now?

We don't wanna s**t on what they just bought.

So it well has nothing to do with whether

or not my selling system works,

because we've already proven, so we've proven to work

by thousands of businesses who use it.

Yet all your dreams could still turn into nightmares

and everything could still go horribly wrong

because there's something else that could happen,

something very dangerous

and very tragic that could prevent you from seeing any

success with this selling system at all,

no matter how effective it is.

And so now he's like teasing the thing that can go wrong,

which is actually really brilliant as well, right?

Because okay, you reaffirmed them, you had 'em feeling good,

you have them really believing

that they made this great decision that can,

you know, change their life forever.

You showed them additional proof, you've reminded them

that it's worth for multiple other people,

and now you're kind of like reminding 'em of the pain

that their current state is in,

and you're saying like, you know, there's one thing

that could screw it all up and it's not my book, right?

You still made a good decision.

So then you're left to go, well, what is it?

I don't, I don't wanna, I don't wanna be the person

who screws this up, you know?

Um, and so like, but he doesn't even say it right away.

I think this is really interesting too, right?

Um, you better know what the thing is

and sure as hell make sure that it doesn't happen to you.

And I'll let you know what it is that thing is you

even, this is a great statement.

I don't think you need to do this in every supplement offer

or every upsell you do, but the idea here

that actually does work, um, for both physical

and digital is, hey, if you don't use this thing, um,

you know, or you're not consistent

or whatever it is, then how could you get the results?

And you'll see that when we look at the

fit espresso one in a minute too.

Sounds harsh, I know, but I see all the time.

You can sabotage yourself if

for whatever reason you don't go through the book

and implement the strategies I teach because you're too busy

or you don't have the time or life just gets,

gets in the way, then all is lost.

And all those things that you hope

for become nothing but a pipe dream.

So you'll settle for less, you'll minimize your dreams

and accept a life that's less than what you could have been.

Unfortunately, this happens all too often.

In fact, according to this article in the New York Times,

only 36% of nonfiction books sold ever get completed,

meaning that 64%

of people will never complete the very book they bought.

And so, if you could think about how,

if I was doing a physical product, how could I address this?

A physical product, right?

Um, like you can sabotage yourself if

for whatever reason you don't use x, y,

Z products consistently, right?

Um, because you're busy or you get lazy

or you don't form a new habit or whatever it is, right?

And if you did that, everything else will suck, right?

You can even find a stat that says, you know, according

to x, y, Z article, like, you know, 50% of the packages

that get bought on Amazon aren't, are never opened.

Or people don't use like, you know, 50%

of the supplements they buy on Amazon

or whatever it is, right?

You can swipe this structurally very similarly.

Um, but this is where we're shifting it, like,

right, creating this problem, right?

Um, and that's just complete the book,

not implement its insights, right?

So then you're like, okay, even worse,

like not only am I not, uh, you know,

and also by the way,

how many people in here have bought a book that you,

every single person's gonna say yes.

Who, who in here has bought a book

that you haven't you thought you were gonna read

and you never completed it, even

though you're excited about it?

Put in the chat if you have or raise your hand.

Yeah, I see some hands raised, I mean, yeah, maybe, yeah,

I literally just bought like seven new

books came to my house yesterday.

I'm like so excited. And I stopped reading like two books

that I'm like halfway through to read some of the new books

that I'm like, uh, you know,

and so that's very relatable, right?

Like, that's something we can all relate to, um,

and then implement, right?

Even, even more. So,

so when you talk about implementing real number is

probably closer to 90%.

Um, and so again, the book is great, the book works,

but it's not Magic pill doesn't show you some spots.

We on the genius ability to make money magically fall

from the sky, right?

You have to go through the book and,

and apply the strategies

and then, then, you know, when you do it,

you tend to get amazing results.

Um, but not everyone does because some people buy the book

and then never do a damn thing with it

because it takes time, effort,

and work to execute strategies.

Um, so this becomes a real threat.

And so from here, like you kind

of figure out what he is gonna sell, right?

So what's the, what's the new problem?

Like the new problem in this one is just like,

it's not a new problem is, and it's complimentary,

but it's just like, okay, you bought the book.

Now the problem is you, right?

The problem is, is human nature.

And then the real problem is like, let's be real.

Are you actually gonna read this and implement it?

Or are you gonna, you know, just go to waste?

And, and if most people are being honest with themselves,

then they're gonna think about like, s**t, yeah,

I'm probably gonna, there's a good chance I'm,

I'm not gonna take action on this, right?

Um, and so like, you know, this is a real threat

to you reaching your goals, making your dreams a reality.

Meaning you would still continue to worry about

where your next customers will come from and live the stress

and uncertainty of not having a selling system

that consistently and predictably delivers you, uh,

say loads of referral quality leads, new customers, clients

and sales every single week.

But that's not the life I want for you personally.

It kills me because that's not

why I spent a year writing this book.

And over a decade of agonizing work through trial

and error, developing this selling system

and selling crazy is the way out of that endless madness.

It's a shortcut to freedom. It's the key

to getting off the answer wheel, making the money

that you want to make and

living the life that you want to live.

I wanna overemphasize this 0.1 more time,

is every time he goes back to the book,

it's like, the book really works.

It really is awesome. Like, that's not the problem.

In fact, like the problem is you not using the book,

because I do see in people's upsell sometimes where they try

to do this and they kind of go like,

but we left out two really important ingredients from the

product that would've made it better.

But now you can buy it here and then,

and if you, you know, you do it

that way and you're like, well, f**k you.

Why did you leave them out? Why

didn't you just put them in the initial product?

Right? Or it's kind of like,

the product was good, it could have been better.

Now you have an upsell and you're like, well f**k you.

Like, why didn't you just make it better?

So it's like the, the product that they just bought,

the front end product doesn't matter.

It's a book or a supplement or a cream or a gadget.

It's like this thing is God's gift, right?

It is absolutely amazing. Everything I said is true.

Everything I told you is absolutely true.

That's not the problem. This is the problem, right?

And it's, again, and a lot of the cases like this,

it's like the problem is your ability to implement,

to actually read the time it takes time is the problem.

We talked about better results, um, faster, right?

And so it's like, um, you know, the problem is

that you're not gonna read

it and so you're not gonna get results.

So it's gonna take a long time to read it

and get results, but that's 'cause of you, right?

Not because of the, the book.

The book isn't hard to read, right?

Even then, like you just, it's just like, um,

I just wanna be, I wanna overemphasize that, right?

Most people never experience that

because they don't even give my book

a chance to change their lives.

And the thought of that makes me sick to my stomach to think

that only 10% of people who bought my book

will get the intended results.

Why I even wrote it in the first place.

So when I found this out, I had to do something about it.

Because unlike most authors,

I'm not about making a few bucks selling the actual book.

That's not the play here. I want this selling system

to transform your life and create an army reading fans.

I want this to be the start of a relationship.

I want to mean something. And this is why I need

to find a way to help the people who weren't taking action.

You see, I face the very same problem

that every other product creator does.

Now with that said, I do tend

to attract more committed business owners.

This is a great qualifying statement of like,

you almost still NLP thing of like,

but you're, you, I know you're a little bit more

qualified, you're a little bit better.

Um, so my numbers are a bit better,

but even if three times more people use my book,

that still leaves 70% of people

who weren't using the strategies and implement insights and

therefore not gain any results.

And this wasn't all right by me

because I know firsthand what having a

selling system can do for you.

Um, and it's again, reminding them just continuously selling

the selling system here, right?

It took me from broke to, to crushing it, right?

It changed my life. Um, so it's like, you know,

I want this for everyone who buys my book.

And so I needed to find a way.

So it's really setting up that problem, that struggle.

We talked about this when we were talking about VSLs also,

where it was like there's sort of that, um, big struggle

of like, of, of building a new product.

'cause in this case it's a new system that's a kind

of like a done for you automated type

of system is gonna be the upsell, right?

Um, and like,

but even in the upsell, he is taking the time to kind

of be like, you know, I had to find a way.

I reached out to people, I did this.

It's sort of like that struggle to create a new product, um,

that just tends to resonate.

So I think it's interesting and worth noting

that you see it even in this like upsell script, which

by the way, the upsell script to this is 5,259 words long.

Not that everybody's upsell needs to be that long,

but like, that's significant, right?

That's, that's a pretty hefty upsell.

Um, and I know this thing converted extremely well.

I mean, the whole funnel just killed it for, um,

and I know the upsell did really well for too.

Okay? Um, so I asked my email list, right?

Um, I asked them whether or not they read the book

and if they actually used the strategies.

Most people said the exact same thing.

They read the book, which is awesome to hear.

Um, they said the book was full of absolute gold.

Remember, your project is, is God's gift, right?

Well, that best marketing books they ever read,

imagine Donald Trump is just writing

this part for you may help.

You know, it's like, it's incredible.

Like they said, it's record books.

Nobody's seen books like this before, right?

Um, but when I asked them whether

or not they actually applied the strategies,

that's when I saw the problem.

And it was something I originally overlooked because

after talking to dozens

of people we bought Ally crazy, I never actually used it.

There were just too many reasons why they didn't use it.

One, they really didn't have the time for one reason

or another, Lyft got in the way.

And two, the actual workload

of building out the selling system was

just too much work for them to do.

So even though my book taught them the best ways

to land h clients consistently, it was just too much work

for them to do it all by themselves, right?

And this hit me like a sack of wet bricks, you know?

Oh my god, my god, I was so devastated.

Um, and we say in H State, that was stupid, right?

That he thought that, you know, people would just do it.

It's funny, he's almost like, you

know, he's being human here.

Um, even though I break down everything you need to know,

it's just crazy how often he comes back to

how great the book is while you prime to buy something else.

It's, it's a amazing to me. Um, right?

And so, you know, it's just hard for me to hear, hear.

I mean, it's honestly just like, almost feels repetitive.

And yet again, it works. Um, you know,

I was frustrated finding that people were stuck, um,

because even a customer story, they were

so committed, they really wanted to make it work.

Um, and he thought to himself, you know, Saab Sabre

where I thought, damn, I actually wish

that I could just do this for you.

And that's when the light bulb went off.

Oh my goodness, can we believe it? Right?

I thought about this. I got my team into a room

after thrashing around a few ideas, most

of which were either too expensive

or simply impossible to execute.

It came up with a way to create a built

for you plug in play solution

for building out the entire selling system automatically.

Because as valuable as it is for me

to break down each element of a client selling system,

it would be even more valuable if I could just do the work

for you and give you all the elements so you can plug

and play and put them straight

to work in your business, right?

So here we go. Now we're transitioning into like the new

product, the new offer, the new sell, right?

And if we go back to what we talked about from the be get,

go, it's like, you know, better results, faster results.

And honestly, you could almost say

like, I'm gonna add one to this.

Easier results, right? Faster.

I feel it's almost implied,

that's why I didn't put it before.

But it's not just like better or faster,

but it's easier, right?

This won't always be the case necessarily.

If you're selling this, you know, a skincare cream

and you sell more skincare cream, is it like easier?

No, but especially if like done

for you, stuff like that, right?

I'll put that even like, um,

done with you, things like that, right?

Then you're selling here is like

all three really is what he's selling.

But yeah, we're gonna see, but it's like better results

faster 'cause they're doing it for you and then it's easier

because they're doing it for you, right?

So instead of telling you what goes into a selling system,

what if I just handed you a proven selling system

that you can use straight away

to consistently predictably get more clients.

So you won't have to write email copy, you don't have

to write opt-in page copy.

You don't have to write long form landing page copy,

you know, to come up with the designs for the pages.

And you won't even have to code up the

pages for desktop and mobile.

And that means you'll never

need to worry about getting it wrong.

We called it the sales funnel bundle.

And here's such a, such a, a, a deflating name

after all the hype for the sales funnel bundle.

Um, and here's what's included, right?

And I just gonna go through step by step

and really just sell, it takes its time selling.

I'm not gonna go through each element of like the

bundle on this call, right?

But he is gonna kind of walk you through like

what these things are and why they are really valuable.

And this is, by the way, I think for anyone

who does do info products or, or you know, whether physical

or digital info products, um, it's a good reminder

that you really hype up each section of what you're selling.

'cause so many times people will go like, it's got,

I would see a lot of upsells as I'm reviewing things.

They're like, you get a high converting opt-in page.

Like yeah, you just plug and play and you're good.

Um, you've got, and it's like,

but no, he's like still like talking about

how great this opt-in page is, right?

How proprietary his own agency uses it.

They spent $50 million of traffic towards it, right?

It's like really adding a lot

of these like additional elements that like,

make it much stronger than just like,

I'm gonna give you an opt-in page template, right?

You're like, damn, okay, wow.

Um, this like crazy, right? Whatever.

Um, now this opt-in page comes complete, uh, copy templates.

So you're gonna be getting the headlines,

the subheads, the fascination.

So you still kind of like firing in

these opt-in page templates.

It talks about the design files, one click installation

of ClickFunnels or your own landed,

uh, sorry of ClickFunnels.

Um, if you, what about, what about use ClickFunnels?

That's okay. You use html, you get those files too, right?

Look how great these pages are.

Again, proof that these are awesome pages.

And now to the second item they're gonna get, right?

Um, the high value content offer, you're gonna get, uh,

a high fidelity, extremely polished mockup

of A-H-V-C-O high value content article.

Um, and so I'm gonna skip through,

but like essentially he's just laying out

everything you're getting in this bundle, right?

Emails, all this stuff.

Um, he's still

talking about the emails, how great they are.

Um, so it's like it is a dumb for you

client gains sales funnel to swipe

and deploy in your own business immediately.

The sales funnel bundle removes all the guesswork from

putting together a selling system yourself.

This is a total game changer.

In fact, when I rolled out the system for a select handful

of selling crazy customers,

they're blown away by how much easier it made things.

Because it takes the whole process of creating a selling

system and puts it autopilot.

By the way, this is where biz ops amazing.

'cause essentially, what is he saying in a selling system?

It's like create a sales funnel, right?

That's like the book and like,

that's like the whole, the whole offer.

And then it's like, but you feel like you're,

you're getting some a system.

It's this incredible thing, right?

And then upsell, it's like, here,

use these templates for the sales funnel.

Like it's so when you break it down, it's so simple.

Um, but that's where the magic of, of copy and messaging

and, and even branding in his case,

I think he does a really good job of branding throughout,

um, you know, comes into play right now.

I wake up every day with messages like these.

He's got these testimonials, um,

from different people here, right?

Um, they've spent all this money, uh,

or they've spending money getting all

this money back, right?

S**t. Tons of social proof.

Um, so to take action, uh,

but yeah, it's a shortcut

and a hack to get the fast, the results faster, much faster.

So again, explicitly we're talking about there, right?

It's easier, right?

Results that are easier and it's like, uh,

and faster, right?

And you would argue probably better results

because I'm like, well, if he knows what he is doing,

he is got all of, you know, these great templates,

so I'm gonna get them faster too, you know,

can literally save you years

and tens of thousands of dollars.

Think about it. What's that, what's that worth to you?

What's the word for you? To have the ability

to essentially have a lever that you can pull down on

to get new customers on tap?

What is that freedom worth to you?

Um, and now he's gonna do a whole price, you know, sort

of like the justification price anchoring.

Like, um, you know, wow,

you could spend $10,000 if you hired my agency

to do this, right?

Um, but you're not gonna pay that or even half of it.

You can upgrade to 2 97.

Now, 2 9 7 is a bit of a higher price point.

So when you go back to why is it a 5,000 word VSL, you know,

2, 9 7 from a book offer, um, is a big jump.

So that's part of the reason why, right?

Um, but it keeps justifying the price here.

I make it a no brainer for you.

Um, and you can try out for 30 days.

So you got the 30 day guarantee here,

it's only available on this page, right?

And then we get to the end, which is sort

of just that call to action, right?

Click the add order button.

Um, this button is your key to not having

to worry ever again about

where your next customer will come from.

That button is the key to never again having

to deal with penny pinching.

I mean this unappreciative clients,

because you'll get to pick and choose who you work with.

That's your key to a better life.

Hit the button right now, your account automatically be

upgraded to include this revolutionary new sales funnel

bundle, right?

So, okay, we skipped some parts,

but I hope that just going through this structurally

was like valuable already

because it's like, even if you've seen it

before, I think it's a good reminder as you go through it

and see what you know,

what he's doing there in all of the elements.

Um, and then I wanna go to now a variant of this sort

of same structure, but for physical

and would do the one I wrote yesterday.

And it's funny, honestly, doing this here live in my head

I'm like, yeah, I could have done this and that.

So this might be things that I'll add to

what I wrote yesterday, which I can also share.

I I also show you the quad process

for which I might even show you first the quad process.

Does anyone have any questions or comments though

before I move on to physical?

Uh, I have one. Go ahead.

Uh, my main question is when you go to upsell 2, 3, 4,

do you keep reaffirming the decision they made?

So I typically don't, not as much.

I mean, you still like might, you know, if,

if it makes sense to do it like in a callback to like,

and of course this product is incredible,

the one you you bought, like, um,

but not like to that level of like a thousand words

of reaffirming it, you don't need to do that.

That would be repetitive. Yeah.

Um, so it's more, I think, yeah,

you get more direct on additional upsells where you're like,

you know, hey, it's whoever again.

And like once again, I just wanna tell you,

you know, how excited I am.

Like, seriously, you made the best decision

and we're, you know, so close to shipping your order

or so close to whatever, but I'm guessing really important

you need to see on this page, right?

And you kind of go more quickly into it

from, uh, from there.

What I've seen before is

Wait, Nick's talking to us.

See Nick, you wanna let me, uh, lemme, um, blur myself

so that people can see you.

One sec. That's the wrong button. Oh my gosh.

Uh, there we go. There he is.

Oh, what I've seen before of the second.

So if they take the first sub sale, I think the reaffirming

becomes more like, almost like, wow,

you really mean business, like you're on fire.

Yeah. And then also saying like, uh, I can tell

that you're going to be successful just by the actions

that you've taken so far.

Yeah. And like you're, you're one of the, I've even seen it

where like they use the percentage.

Oh yeah. And they'll be like, they're like,

you're literally one of, uh, like 15% of people

that have bought the book today that have gotten to,

you know, uh, you're in.

Like, it's kinda like you're in a class of your own

and, uh, I want to make you set up so that, you know,

you get the best results.

You just continue to, I just feel like the the,

the reaffirming kind of turns into making them feel

exclusive at that point.

Yeah. Like they're part of a club that's after,

after they're taking that first up.

So that's how we did the, um, in, in financial,

a lot of the times we would, you know,

do more of what you just bought.

So we'd get them up to like take an extra year

or a lifetime subscription

and then if they took that, we'd upsell them up

to like a $2,000 product.

And that would be more like, your part, you by taking this,

you'll be part of my inner circle sort of thing.

Right. And uh, so it's kind of like changing it

to like reaffirming,

but also making it more like, wow, you're really on fire.

You really need business.

I can tell you're an action taker

and now it's like, you know,

become a part of this exclusive club.

I want you because I can tell you're the one, you know?

Yeah. That's dope. I mean, I think obviously you have to,

if you're do, you would need to have like a little bit

of custom sort of, uh, padding or whatever, right?

But if you were doing custom padding

like that, that makes a ton of sense.

Um, yeah. And even showing the percentage is,

is super interesting of like, you know, here's a percentage

of people that's super interesting.

Right. Makes them feel,

because on one hand you, you'd worry about them being like,

um, oh, like, well, 80, 85% of people didn't take this.

Am I an idiot? But if you do it the right way, you

This Right. Copy around it.

No, I know, I know. I just, yeah. I do it the right way.

Copy. Totally. Yeah, it's very interesting. It's,

You just spin. It's

just great.

Cool. Who else that it,

someone else was gonna had a question

or comment I thought? Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Uh, just, it's not necessarily related to the SRI Super

vl, uh, which I think it's,

it's pretty, it's pretty darn cool.

But, um.