Hey everybody,

David O'Connell here, and today we're going to be talking about the psychology of

Google Ads for direct response advertisers.

Uh, we're going to get into techniques that we've used to create high converting

Google Ads, uh, spend millions profitably,

and techniques we've used to scale companies from a million dollars a year in

revenue to over a hundred million dollars a year in revenue.

So, first up, I'm David O'Connell.

I'm the founder and CEO of O'Connell Digital Media Group,

and I've been running Google Ads for direct response advertisers for a little over

20 years now. I originally got involved with Google Ads back in 2003

when I was working with a language learning company.

We were able to buy clicks back then for highly competitive terms for about

10 cents each, which was an incredible time to be involved.

with Google Ads and learn how Google Ads work.

Uh, the cost of Google Ads has risen dramatically over the

past 20 years, but the effectiveness of them has not declined.

Um, and for top performing advertisers,

uh, Google is an incredible choice. We're a of very large amounts of new

customers that can be acquired profitably using Google Ads.

Uh, as I mentioned, we have a direct response focus.

We specialize in building campaigns that profitably scale customer acquisition.

Uh, and I currently lead a team of high performing advertisers.

So, uh,

the things that I'll be sharing with you today, these aren't in theory.

Uh, these are things that are working now to scale real businesses.

So, the big picture with Google Ads.

Uh, the reach of Google Ads. Google Ads is huge.

Google Ads will reach over 90% of all internet users worldwide.

It makes this platform incredibly scalable,

and it's why so many direct response advertisers look to Google to accomplish

their mass goals. It's very common to come to Google and acquire 50,

100, 200, 300, or more customers a day if

you use all the platform and if you use the ad types right.

The thing, though, is there are many Google ad types to choose from.

And there's an incredible array of powerful targeting options.

So if you don't know when and how to use each of them, it's

really easy to get lost or overwhelmed. And in this training,

we're going to cover all the major campaign types that apply to direct response

advertisers and how direct response advertisers should use

them. And we're also going to talk about how to make effective ads for

each campaign type. So these are the

five types campaign,

Google ad campaign types. First one up is search ads.

I think everybody at some point in their life has gone to Google.com

and done a Google typed a keyword into the search engine

and these are served on the

search engine results page for Google.com and their search partners.

Second Google ad campaign type is shopping

ads. Uh, these are click to buy now style ads They

get served in the Google search engine results page.

And they also get served in Google Images, Maps, and with search partner results.

Next up we've got Google Display ads.

Uh, which are responsive image and text ads that get served on across

the Google Display Network. Next up we have

Demand Generation. These are responsive image,

text, and or video ads.

And really as of April of 2025,

Demand Generation has become really the powerhouse ad campaign

type. The ads are currently being served on YouTube,

Discover, and Gmail,

all Google properties, or the Google Display Network,

which is Google's aggregation of ads. Of all their partner websites that they can

serve ads on. Uhm,

and as of April 2025,

uh, Google Ads has phased out conversion

ads, conversion video ads,

as a standalone campaign type. And now if you're running any type of conversion,

objective-oriented YouTube ads,

they're gonna be run under demand generation.

So we've seen a huge shift in volume from YouTube campaign

types to now moving into demand gen campaigns.

Also, as of April 2025, demand gen ads also serve in the Google Display

Network. So previously, these were focused on YouTube, Discover,

and Gmail, just Google-owned properties.

you're having success on the Google-owned properties,

you can also expand into the Google Display Network and get huge amounts of

reach. So this is becoming a really,

really important campaign type. And in one of the follow-up modules here,

we're going to get a lot deeper into how to use this campaign type.

One of the really cool things about it, too, is you can be really

successful here with video, like you would have traditionally been with YouTube

ads. You can also be really successful here with, uh, image and text

ads. Uh, we'll talk more about that. And then finally, there's performance facts ads.

Uhm,

and performance facts ads are a combination of all the above ad types.

So when you create a performance facts ad, you're typically taking your best ads

from each of the above campaigns, loading them all in there,

and then Google uses its AI to decide which ads to serve to who

and why. It really opens you up to a lot more of Google's

ad network.

Okay, next up, let's talk about different campaign types for different business objectives.

So, when you look at

your customers, a great way to look at them is by

what stage of market awareness they're in,

using Eugene Schwartz terminology.

So, if you are looking for your most aware

and your product aware customers, these are customers that already know about you and

they're typically looking for a reason to buy or they're just looking

to you so they can buy and you just have to show up and

look Uh, the campaign types you really want to lean most heavily

on are going to be search, shopping, and performance.

These are very high return on ad spend channels because you're able to advertise

directly to people who are already in buying mode and ready to buy.

But there's limited volume here, right, because there's a there's only so many people

that are already in that mindset and that have already been influenced by your

advertising who are actually ready to buy.

Then, if we want to generate more demand,

we want to generate more cold traffic volume.

We need to look further up to less aware stages,

like people who are solution aware, problem aware,

even people who might be problem unaware. Uhm,

and in those cases, the best campaign types to use are going to be

demand generation or performance facts.

Uhm, and the potential of these are very,

very high volume, again, because you can reach 90% of the internet.

So, one thing I did was take a look back here at a few

different ad accounts over the last couple months since the transition.

In April of 25, where YouTube has been phased out and where

Google Display Network has, uh,

opened up all their ad inventory within demand generation.

And so, I went and looked back across a few ad accounts,

uhm, I think this represents about $5 billion in spend,

uh, over the last couple months, uhm,

and looked at what the most common distribution by campaign type is,

right? So, this gives us a sense for which campaign types are most

direct response advocates. Advertisers using most,

most heavily, and, you know,

what we saw here is that the big heavy hitter,

not a big surprise, is demand gen coming in at 58% of

spend on average. Second

up is performance max. At 27% of spend.

Third up is search. At 11% of spend.

And then standard shopping campaigns coming in at 4% of spend.

So again, keep in mind here that what was considered

YouTube and traditionally considered display have both been rolled up under demand gen

here, which is a big part of why this category has grown so much

so quickly. Uh,

usually I would say probably about half of this for most advertisers is YouTube.

Half of half of this is image,

uhm, but that varies from account to account depending on the market

they're in. We see some advertisers who just dominate all of this with images.

Uh, we see other advertisers that dominate all this with images.

We see videos using,

you know, what would be considered Uh,

Performance Max, it's important to keep in mind that a lot of what gets

served within Performance Max is also shopping ads, right?

But I would also say usually for a physical product about

half of the Performance Max volume you get is going to be automatically serving

search feed ads as opposed to display ads or search ads,

etc. Uh,

you've got search here at 11%, shopping at 4%.

As I mentioned, these tend to be the lower volume campaign types,

but these tend to be very high return on ad spend campaign types.

So they usually have a big impact in subsidizing the overall performance.

of the account, um, and helping to drive higher ROAS on top of

the volume you get from demand drift and performance specs.

Alright, so next up, who's ready to make some Google Ads?

Uh, we're going to have follow-up modules here.

To go into each of the different Google campaign types and how to make

effective ads for each campaign type. Stay tuned.