Hey everybody,

David O'Connell here. And today we're going to be talking about paid search ad

campaigns for direct response advertisers.

Uh, we're going to talk about what paid search ads are,

uh, where and how they get served,

uh, how to pay target paid search ad campaigns,

uh, and how to make effective paid search ads.

So first up, we always want to start with the context of where will

the ads be shown, who will see the ads,

and what is the ad format. So let's get into it.

So, you know, first thing you want to be aware of with paid search

is that paid search ads allow you to put yourself in front of people

who are actively searching for what you're selling.

they will ask for what they want when they see and ready to buy

customers really raise their hands here and we'll tell you that they're ready to

buy, uh, so that you can get in front of them and give them

what they're asking for. Uh, it can be really useful because it allows, you

know, people can tell

you what they're searching for, which allows you to very

specifically give them what they're asking for and allows them to self-segment,

uh, based on the stage of aware market awareness they are currently in.

Uh, so where do paid search ads show?

Paid search Search ads are going to show in the Google search results page,

uh, either at the top or the bottom of the page,

uh, or they're going to show up on Google search partner websites like AOL

or ask.com. I think we all have had the experience at some point of

going to Google, typing in something that we want and then seeing multiple ads

for what we're looking for and choosing one of those advertisers and buying the

product. Uhm, so that's what we're talking about here,

right? Sending how-to-serve ads to people who are searching for

your product or your product categories. Who sees the ads?

These ads are triggered in response to user search engine queries.

And your ads are going to be seen by people searching for the keywords

you select. This allows you to isolate and target hot,

warm, and cold traffic audiences through your paid searches.

And then finally, what is the ad format?

Uh, the ad format is going to be 30-character text headlines,

plus 90-character text descriptions.

You can have up to 15 headlines and up to 4,

uh, text descriptions. You don't have to use all of them,

but we definitely recommend using multiple.

Um, and as you find more winning headlines,

you can build that out over time. Uh,

and you can also use ad extensions.

I'm going to show you some examples of what these are. Uh,

but generally using these will help boost the performance of your ad as well,

and it can allow you to use multiple calls to action in your ads.

Uh,

so here is a brand search ad for Ray-Ban Sunglasses.

Uh, so on the right side of the screen,

you those are all the shopping ads.

Uh, we're going to have a separate module about creating shopping ads,

so ignore them for now. On the left side of the screen,

you can see a sponsored ad right at the top of the,

of the SERP, uh, which says Ray-Ban Official Site.

Uh, and then listed here,

you can see all the different search extensions that they have

assigned for this particular ad.

So, they have a 50% off offer here.

You, you can click on them. You see men's styles.

You can click to see the Ray-Ban Metaglasses.

You can click to see the ASAP Rocky collection. So,

it's a, it's a good example of, uh,

I would say, one, how to use search extensions here.

So, you can take up a lot more real estate on the page and

get higher click-through rates. And then,

I think it's also a good example of using your search ads to represent

what they're looking for. In this case, the user searched Ray-Ban.

So, we want to make sure that the ad very clearly gives the user

what they're looking for and says Ray-Ban official site.

Okay,

so next up here, let's talk about search keyword intent.

So,

when you're, as we discussed,

your ads are only going to be served to people for the keywords

that you select. So, it's really important to have an understanding of

intent and search keywords.

So, here we have a chart to explain this.

And, we've outlined four different search keywords.

And, tiers of intent.

The first tier is the brand tier, which I just showed you. The second

tier is the product-aware tier. These are people that know your product,

but they're not sure if it's right for them. Then,

tier two is the solution-aware tier. I guess this is the third tier,

I think. These are people who are looking for types

of solutions. They know that solutions exist,

but they're not sure which solution they want to use.

And then, finally, you have people that are problem-aware.

They don't know that solutions exist. Uhm,

and then you can see keyword examples here,

right? Under the brand tier, these are going to be people going,

searching Ray-Ban, Ray-Ban Wayfair,

uh, Ray-Ban Coupon Code.

They're very specifically looking for your brand or your product name.

The best way to respond to them is to leverage your brand loyalty and

your pricing, right? Show them that you are the official brand that they're looking

for, uhm, and give them an offer that's going to make them want to

act. Uh,

if you're in tier one product aware,

people are going to be searching things that help them figure out if your

product is for them. So they might write a comparison like Ray-Ban versus Maui

Gym. They may say, are Ray-Bans worth it?

They might say Ray-Bans for small faces. They want to know if they're going

to fit them. They might look up Ray-Ban reviews.

They want to know if people, if other customers that have bought the product

are happy, right? These are all people who are close to buying,

but they're right on the fence. And for them,

you want to use a messaging strategy that provides them with proof that your

product is the best. Uh, in the case of sunglasses,

you talk about fit and style guides. Uhm,

and you can also share testimonials here, right? Show that there are other customers

that have been happy with your product. This is also a great place to

offer guarantees, money, uh, guarantees.

Guarantees, money back guarantees, uh,

anything that helps you provide a risk reversal.

Uh,

moving down to the next stage of awareness,

solution aware. Uh, these are going to be people who are category searchers,

right? You're going to get people here who are basically saying,

searching for things like, what are the best sunglasses for driving?

They might even just search sunglasses.

Uh, they might search polarized sunglasses.

They might say stylish sunglasses for men.

Uh, these are people that are much less ready to buy,

right? They're early in the journey, and they're kind of figuring out what types

of sunglasses are out there, and what might they be interested in buying.

So your message strategy for these people is going to be very different than

the brand tier of the product to wear. You want your message strategy here

to educate and introduce Ray-Ban as the superior brand And then

finally, the last category you might come across here are people that are

problem aware. This is kind of a funny example for sunglasses,

because, you know, I would say it's very unlikely that I think most people

know if the sun is in their eyes. They know what solutions exist,

right? So there's probably not a lot of people out there that are in

this problem aware stage for this market.

But if they were, these would be people searching for eye strain outdoors,

glare wheel driving, squinting in the sunlight.

They know they have a problem. They know the sun is behind them. For

this market, there's obviously not going to be a

lot of search volume. For those particular terms,

you can see where this might apply to other markets.

And if you're going to advertise to people in the problem aware

segment, you're going to want to know to develop ads that empathize with their

pain, maybe agitate their pain,

so they're more likely to take action, and then introduce your sunglasses as their

solution. In Eugene Schwartz's parlance,

there's also a problem unaware stage.

We don't target that a lot in search,

because if people are unaware of their problem, they're usually not really out searching

for it. So if you want to go people that are problem unaware,

you're going to look more towards top-of-funnel campaign types,

more like demand chat. Alright,

so how do we create effective paid search ads?

So there's a couple keys you want to keep in mind.

So number one is segment your ads according to the intent of the search

query, right? Uh, I've spent a lot of time in this module already talking

about how ads get searched and how the search

itself tells you exactly what they're looking for.

Uhm, so you want to use this information to self-segment your

prospective, uh, customers.

Next thing you want to do is write ads that speak specifically to each

keyword group's stage of market awareness,

just like I showed you on the last slide. And then finally,

really important, and I think this is really, like, the cardinal rule of paid

search is give them what they're looking for.

Uh, they just came to you and they just asked for it,

so you So if they came to you and they're looking for bananas,

give them bananas. Uh, don't offer them strawberries.

Um,

another key thing to keep in mind here is when your ads are served,

they're always going to be served side-by-side against your competition.

So it's really important to that you do your market research here.

And the best market research here is just going to google.com and searching

a couple keywords from each of the keyword groups that you've established.

Uh, I'll show you an example of what that looks like.

Uh, the next slide. Uhm,

but by doing that, then you understand the market.

You can study them and differentiate yourself for success.

That's really key for success in paid search.

Uh, another tip is that dynamic keyword insertion can be a

powerful tool. So this allows you to tailor

your headlines to basically give people exactly what they're looking for.

Uh, so if you were advertising workout plans and somebody does

a search for 10-minute workout plans, if your product,

is relevant, you could have a headline that says 10-minute workout plans.

Uh,

alternatively, for anybody who searches at-home workout plans,

you can have a headline that says at-home workout plans.

Um, and this will just get dynamically triggered,

right? No matter what anybody's search term is,

you can have that inserted into the headline. Uh,

finally, I highly recommend using strong calls to action as often

as possible. The higher the click-through rate you can drive on your paired search

ads, the higher position you're going to get in the SERPs,

and the lower cost per click you can pay to do it.

And then finally, really important with all ad types,

definitely applies to paired search. You want to make sure that you're always testing,

learning, and always keep iterating.

because every time you do iterate, you're going to find things that were better

than the last. Your ads will keep getting better and better and better.

Uhm, and you want to use data to identify which ads are performing best,

and then iterate on them to make them even stronger.

Okay,

so, here's a Google search query for guitar

lessons. This would be considered,

if I go back to my earlier chart, uh,

this is a category search, and this would be considered a solution-aware

search. People know that they want guitar lessons.

They're not quite sure whose guitar lessons they want.

Here you can see there's four different advertisers coming up.

And let's see what they're offering here.

I mean, one of these is guitar lessons at home. Uh,

take lessons of comfort you're at home with a professional teacher.

Uh, they've got a search extension in there.

Okay, they have, their teachers include Peggy,

Robert, uh, I've never heard of these people.

Uh, and we've got School of Rock,

kids or adults, guitar lessons, top music and instrument proficiency,

join the band, okay. Fourth one is one-on-one guitar lessons nearby,

private lessons from $20 an hour, okay.

It's a very price-heavy ad. Uh,

and then the same ad also says as low as $15 an hour.

Uh, try a first free lesson today,

interesting. Kind of, some confusion there,

I think, in terms of the pricing being offered.

Uh, multiple offers. then one-on-one guitar lessons.

Get a free guitar lesson. That's at Guitar Center.

So you'd have to go there, right? So now that I've seen this market,

if I'm selling guitar lessons, I have a much better idea of

how to differentiate myself and place my ad into the Google search.

So,

on the right side here, I've written some things that I would do if

I wanted to come in here and compete against these advertisers to sell guitar

lessons. I think the first thing I'd probably do in response to this is,

uh, see if I could create a deal.

Uh,

that people could take instantly.

Uhm, there seems to be,

these are all at home lessons, but none of them seem to be instant

or recorded, so you can go at your own pace. Right,

so I think you could differentiate yourself with a different offer.

Uh, and you could come in here and you could say,

instant online guitar lessons, start learning from home now.

Uh, that's faster than anybody else here has offered,

uhm, so you'll probably be able to pick up quite a bit of the

market that way. Uh, second thing you could talk about is get your first

lesson free. Uh,

you know, if it's a digital course, it would not cost you anything to

give the first lesson away for free. Uh,

and it would be a great way to get high conversion rates for new

customer acquisition. Uh,

another thing you could do here is learn from professionals.

And list a professional musician,

uh,

if you have one on your course, right? So if you could say,

uh, you know, learn how to play guitar from Slash or learn how to

play guitar from John Mayer,

uh, you know, these are well-known guitar artists that,

uh, are going to drive a higher response. Uh,

also I didn't see any of these ads, uh,

providing a, a risk reversal, right? So you could say something here like,

you'll learn in 30 days or you won't pay. Uhm, so,

so, you know, these are just a couple of examples.

of how, by looking at the market and looking at an example keyword

in the, the keyword group that you're going to be advertising to,

it becomes very easy to come up with,

uh, elements for your ad that are going to move the needle and really

drive the market. I think with a message like this you could really dominate

on this page because you'd be much more interesting than a lot of the

other, uh, options that are listed here.

This really, really beats sitting down at your desk without looking at anything and

trying to write an ad and hoping that it's going to come across good,

right? You can just start here and see what everybody's doing and then be

a little bit better than each of your competitors. All right,

moving on to another example. Uh,

this would be a,

uh, where somebody's searching for greens powders.

And, uh, in this case, they're saying best greens powders of 2025.

Um, and so you can see, you know,

again, you were getting shopping results on the right hand side here,

but on the left side, uh, there's two,

actually there's three sponsored ads coming up. Uh,

all which speak to this search query. So number one is you have a,

uh, this landing page is going to be an advertorial,

it's a list of guns, 18 best green powders of 2025.

Uh, and you know,

I tested 18 green, so you don't have to. This is either

an advertiser or an affiliate who's going to send traffic to an advertorial and

then inevitably recommend their brand, um, and then send them into a purchase funnel.

Uh,

another

one AdWords, right? This is advertorial centric,

and it's basically saying, we reviewed all the green's powers,

picked the best and the worst, and inevitably they're going to recommend one.

Uh, and then you have AG1 showing up here too,

uh, with a little bit of a different strategy, where here, they're, Thank you.

Introducing their protein,

their green powder, as the best protein,

uh, green powder of 2025. Right,

so a little bit of a different strategy there. You know,

in this case, I think the, uh,

the less branded ads, uh, you can see their,

their higher positions. They're probably outperforming,

uh, AG1, uhm,

but these blind ads, like, tend to get,

I think, a little bit of a, of a better response rate in these

situations. They seem to be more impartial.

And then finally, a third example, of a search ad.

I thought this was a, a really good search ad,

and there's, there's a couple examples here. But,

you know, if you do a search for workout plans, which is another category

search, uh, right at the top of the list is v-shred.

Uh, and they have an ad here that says,

three body types, three different diets.

Uh, find your best diet and training.

Do this one simple quiz to reveal your body type and learn what is

your best exercise. Find why 80%,

88% of people ignore their body type and do the wrong exercise.

So this is a, a really interesting ad, because if you're looking at looking

for workout plans, they're here,

they're giving us what we're looking for,

but they're also introducing some education and grabbing our attention by saying,

you know, hey, not every workout plan is going to work for you,

right? You need one that's for your body type and you you need a

different diet depending on your body type. Take our quiz and then we'll tell

you the best diet to use. That's a great strategy and I'd say this

is a really good paid search ad.