All right, cool.

So today I'll keep letting people in, um,

but we're gonna be continuing on with like kind of the, uh,

not kind of, but just the breakdown and,

and trainings around, uh,

video sales letters and text sales letters.

So that will include Both like long form,

like 45 minute plus things, and also more medium form

or medium length, like 16, 17 minutes.

And, uh, also short form.

I'll probably do short like six to seven minute VSLs

as a separate training altogether

after we've gone through these initial pieces.

But the goal is to really, you know, get you dialed in

because I do find that when I'm doing reviews

and feedback, one of the biggest opportunities

for improvement is on people's video sales

letters and text sales letters.

And that's, you know, definitely something that I'm

pretty experienced

and proficient at having, you know,

a really good track record there.

So last week we did a overview of kind

of the structure of a sales letter, a video sales letter,

and that's in the members area if anybody missed it.

And this week we're gonna go specifically into leads.

Before we do that, though, we are gonna do

what we usually do, which is give people an opportunity if

they have any wins that they wanna share, uh, whether it's,

uh, in the chat or you wanna unmute yourself

and share something, feel free to do that.

I would love to hear it. Some weeks we have a bunch

of wins and it's awesome.

Some weeks nobody shares, and that's okay too.

But if you've got a win, I would love to hear what you got.

Oh, we're gonna look at other people's, uh, example,

some people shared leads,

and if you have a lead you want me to look at, um,

and how, you know, af in

this training, we'll, we'll do that too.

But anyone have any, any wins you wanna

share before we get going?

Yeah, man, I, it's a win that I'm here.

It's my, my first week.

I just wanna say hi and, uh, hey Jay.

And, uh, yeah, excited

to be a part of what you're creating, man.

I, uh, just found you through some YouTube stuff

and going down the rabbit hole

and, uh, yeah, in incredible content

and, uh, yeah, super excited to, uh, to learn more.

Awesome. Yeah, thank you for being here. Really excited.

And, uh, yeah, I'm gonna do a post introducing you, uh,

in the WhatsApp group too, the business owner one.

I, um, I know,

I think you did the onboarding forum like last night

or early this morning, so I usually take information from

that, but I, I definitely will.

But yeah, I'm glad you hopped on and good to see you.

Uh, I like the red background too.

I feel like, you know, it's, uh, you know, I don't know,

it looks, it looks very formal, but, um,

but yeah, you got the tats and like the tank top

and you got the nice, like the chandelier in the background.

It's a nice, uh, contrast.

But definitely glad to have you here, man. Thank you.

Uh, anybody else have one you wanna share

while we're, before we get going?

Sure. Wow. Okay. Nice. There we go. All right.

Um, well we recently, uh, set up, what was it?

It's called a browse abandonment email sequence

where it's just like people visit a book, a call page,

and then they don't book.

You retarget them just with like eight emails

or you don't really need that much.

But, but into the month of June,

we've already made 5K just from

that sequence alone in two deals.

So, nice. It, I just think email marketing is pretty sick.

'cause you know, you can set it up once, I mean,

with continuous optimization of course,

but you pretty much set it up like the bulk of it once

and it can continuously make money.

So I'm curious to see how much we

do with that in the first month. So

Yeah, that's super exciting.

That is a great one. And I,

and I agree, it's um, you know,

for my peptide company, it's a pain point.

I actually posted again, uh, today

'cause I'm looking for like a, uh, a list manager

and I had some different applicants.

I had one guy I liked and he ended up not, uh,

not working out, but, um, I'm like, oh my God,

we're leaving so much money on the table.

And so many businesses I think do wait too long,

or they are, they aren't that dialed in

and they sort of take their, you

know, the, the list for granted.

And I'm not just talking about buyers, I

mean, but to, to your point, right?

It's not just about like, buyers are super valuable,

but like abandons and win backs

and re there's just so many sequences and touch points

and it's the aggregate of that can really transform

the economics of your whole business

and your ability to scale more and all of those things.

So, um, yeah, I think that's a great one because

It doesn't, you don't, I mean, you're not really paying

any extra money to get those backend sales, number one.

And number two, you don't even have

to be, you know, great at copy.

You can just, it's kinda like the easiest money on,

on the planet just setting up email sequences.

Totally. Yeah, I completely agree.

And it's crazy how much it works, right?

I mean, people Yeah, yeah. It's, it is proven.

It is all, it really, like, so much

of everything is like a numbers game, you know what I mean?

Like, you hear that with like, traditional sales,

like if anyone's ever done door to door or like phone sales

and people go, oh, it's a numbers game,

but it actually really is, you know what I mean?

It's like, it's true. If you call a hundred people

that are kind of qualified, a couple

of 'em are gonna buying usually, right?

And same thing with like emails.

It's like you just email a hundred people,

a couple people are gonna buy, or

a thousand people, whatever it is.

And uh, it's just having those touchpoint and showing up.

Uh, but yeah, it's kinda like free money

and it, so a hundred percent.

That's cool. Thanks for sharing Emma.

Scott, when you wanna share before we get going? I

Got a couple things.

Nice. Um, the girl that we have is the model

for the VSL is such a natural and just crushed it.

I was kind of nervous about how her performance would be,

but I like listened to her

and I'm like, s**t, I wanna buy that I'm not even willing.

And, uh, that's awesome. And then yesterday we launched a,

we launched a sale and we did pretty well, like six k, uh,

just on email for in one day. So that's pretty good.

Nice man. That is good. That's awesome.

Those are both good. Having the,

having a natural spokesperson is extremely important.

Like, I can't tell you how many times I've seen great copy

with a really bad spokesperson

and it all just kind of goes to s**t.

And then, um, you know, like again,

a good spokesperson can do wonder.

So that, yeah, that, that's awesome.

I saw pictures of her, 'cause she was commenting,

this is for the skincare thing, right?

And so, but she seemed like a pretty, like, you know,

she seemed, I'm like, yeah, she seemed attractive and,

and asked me that in like a,

as a face for the brand type of way.

Not like a, you know, yeah, not a creepy way.

Um, but I'm like, I'm like, oh yeah, she looks like a good,

like face for the brand.

So the fact that, you know, she's also good on camera

and really natural is just, uh, that's great.

Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, of course.

Anyone else got anything you wanna share

before we, uh, any wins before we jump in?

I enjoy these. So I'll say, I guess

for me, for the, going back to peptide company,

we put out five different job offers today.

So we hired like a, um,

person who's like gonna be writing ads

and managing, um, like the production of the ads,

basically producing the ads and writing them.

We were gonna do two different positions there,

but one guy really wanted to do both,

and he was super solid and dialed in.

So we hired a person for that.

Um, a daily email writer going back

to the email marketing stuff.

Um, we hired a full-time CRO team, so it's like,

not just a kind of like strategist guy,

but also as a team of developers and things.

That's really exciting. They're gonna be doing, you know,

four to six split tests per month that are kind

of big needle moving ones.

Um, and, you know, we'll be measuring the results.

So I'm really excited for that for my own business.

'cause you know, we're, we're doing well, we're up

to about 150 to 200 sales a day.

New sales and the rebuilds are starting to compound.

So like, we're over, you know,

200 plus orders every day now.

And by next month just on the compounding,

we'll be over 300, 3 50 orders a day.

Um, but of course we also want to, you know, scale

more on the new customer acquisition.

Uh, but with that much, we, you know, 10

to 15,000 visitors a day to our funnel, at least right now.

So we should be able to like, you know, run a good amount

of tests and get really, uh, you know, move the needle.

And that's all gonna help us a lot.

But then obviously I'm excited to be able

to share it in Ca Pro.

'cause when we have all these wins, I'll just have it nicely

formatted things that work

and didn't work that I can bring to, you know, our members

and say, Hey, check this out.

Right? And it'll be over a lot of orders

and, uh, you know, a lot of traffic.

So that's really exciting.

Um, and then, uh, we hired a, like, director

of sort of content marketing.

So like, sort of for building up the social, like, you know,

profiles and other content

because we're trying to build in our space.

Uh, I don't wanna, I don't wanna side tangent us,

which I'll get into leads in a second, I promise.

But trying to build that brand equity too, right?

Because again, in our space is very competitive

and, uh, I actually like that about our,

my space doing peptides.

It's like, I want a space where, uh, I know it sounds weird,

but it's like I could go launch like a, you know,

random kind of offer or funnel and,

and I know I can scale eight figures and that's cool,

but I've actually done that a lot of times.

And so in order for me to be excited, I'm kind

of like excited to be in the space

where there's more competitors and there's pricing pressure

and there's like, you know,

HIPAA compliant, all, all that weird stuff.

It sounds weird, but I'm like, man, this is cool, cool.

Like, you know what I mean? Like, I, like, I'm like,

this is, I'm actually excited about this.

So, um, anyway, we're hiring a bunch of people.

I'm really excited for that and to be able to share things

with our community as we, uh, continue to scale

and grow from, we'll do between 1.6

and 2 million this month for the peptide company.

Um, but I think next month, yeah,

I don't know, probably do three to four.

I mean, basically should be almost like,

at least doubling in revenue every month for the time being.

So I really think we're gonna get to like a 10

figure business.

And it was crazy. We had $16,000 in sales in December

and now we're doing, you know, probably close to 2 million

for, uh, you know, June.

So it's pretty fast. And that's what I love about the road

of, uh, you know, kind of D two C, um, especially

with the right offer and product

and marketing and all that kind of stuff.

So anyway, let's go back to the magical world

of video sales letters and text sales letters.

And as mentioned, we're gonna be talking a lot

about leads today.

Uh, we talked a lot about, uh, the structure last week,

so share my screen.

So as we went over last week as a quick review here, well,

we'll start off as a review

and then we'll dovetail into a not review.

We kinda looked at the really basic outline

for sales letters from a

structural component last week, right?

There's like a, a hook

or like a kind of micro lead, the actual lead.

We're gonna look at these two things today.

Background story, a discovery story, the unique mechanism

of the product and solution, a product buildup

and reveal close.

And an FAQ. Um, again, this is in circle

for, uh, those who missed it.

You can go to the weekly trainings

to see last week's training.

Uh, we looked at some different

formats and things of that nature.

And then we're gonna be going

through these different sections in depth over the

next, you know, several calls.

So today I wanna actually get right to our

sales letter outline, and we'll look at the kind

of pre lead, micro lead and also, uh, the lead itself.

And then we're gonna look at, as

mentioned a bunch of examples.

So when we're talking like a pre lead

or micro lead, really what we're talking about is a lot of

things that are just sort of like there's a, a,

a strong hook

or an attention grabbing opening line, uh, quickly relates

to the pain point that the prospect is facing

and then quickly relates to promising a solution.

That's generally it.

So the reason that I have it

as a pre lead slash micro lead is it could just be a sensor

or two in your lead,

or it could be what we talked about last week,

but I'll kind of share it again.

And actually lemme track my headphones

and I'll play the audio through, uh, my computer.

Gimme a sec to do that.

Um, to share computer sound, right?

Like, uh, somebody, uh, I think it was

Damon mentioned this brand,

ancient remedies revive, for example.

But what, you know, a lot of people are doing,

what's really working these days is running VSLs

as like in feed ads, for example, on meta

and having my dog's gonna freak out here, so it's perfect.

Um, and having a bunch of different little hooks

for the first like 30 seconds, minute long, whatever it is,

um, that are different or unique.

And then after that, like it goes into like a root

or like the rest of the video shows that.

So, you know, let's see if these people, for example, target

Inflammation and joint pain with rosemary,

what happens if you

Dog stop?

Sorry guys, one sec.

Alright,

You drop rosemary leaves into your bottle of olive oil.

Rosemary is well known for its memory boosting effects

and has even been shown to promote healthy hair growth.

But what most people don't know is that it's also a powerful

anti-inflammatory combined with olive oil, which is packed

with antioxidants, anti-inflammatory compounds

and those good fats you need.

So what happens when you add rosemary into

a bottle of olive oil?

You create a delicious

and powerful infusion

that can keep your inflammation under control,

giving your body that extra

Healthy. So what's really interesting about

these guys is

that she's talking about rosemary

and olive oil and this combination. Let

The fusion sit And she keep going.

Sage has been right,

Many of my patients.

And then it goes to this actual vsl.

You can see the formats different, right?

Well obviously go into the scripts themselves,

but the way they're doing it is these sort of like openings

that are very educational.

So what happens if you drop rosemary leaves into

like, uh, oil, right?

All oil, I think it was, uh, I swiped one of these.

Was it this one here? Um, like here's another one, right?

32 minutes long. So just the whole VSL

Cinnamon plus honey to beat inflammation.

Oops. I accidentally dropped some cinnamon

sticks into my jar of,

So their whole thing, right, is a little hook like

of curiosity, like, you know, cinnamon plus this

to be inflammation, cinon plus honey, right?

And then oops, like, so grabbing your attention right away.

Uh, I've dropped some cinnamon to my jar of honey, honey,

But wait, this could actually be a lucky mistake

for helping to manage inflamm.

So they're pretty interesting. And then if we go,

you know, if I skip to like right back to the BSL,

so we're talking about these sort of like micro laser hooks

and we're gonna look, get 'em in more detail shortly.

We're generally talking about something that goes in front

of the actual video sales letter.

Um, but I do wanna actually look at the

structure of like the lead.

The rest of it I

just realized, am I sharing the wrong screen?

Are you guys seeing which screen are you guys seeing?

Are you guys seeing what I was just showing

or are you seeing my, uh, VSL summary page?

Hold a second.

Think you see the right one?

Yeah, we can. Okay, just making sure. All right, cool.

I guys have the thing o open twice. Okay, cool.

Um, okay,

so like what are we really doing in the lead?

And, and again, we'll kind of come back to micro leads,

but like, we'll look at examples

of this pretty much immediately,

but you're really just calling out the problem, right?

The prospect bases similarly to like, sometimes

what you'll be doing in the micro leader

or pre lead, you're promising a solution to that,

you know, pain point or problem.

And often there's a promise to save time or money.

You'll often be teasing an emotional discovery

story if there is one.

You're teasing the unique mechanism.

You're often teasing the contrarian nature of this mechanism

that flies in the face of what we've been told you.

I'm gonna show you again examples in just a moment working

in fascinations as an incentive for continuum of copy.

I'll answer this riddle for you briefly mentioning

credibility builders qualifiers, who does this work for?

Right? Speaking to your market briefly addressing skepticism

and including a few broad testimonials if available.

Um, so really when you look at it that way, like

what is like the function of the lead, right?

It is to just grab your prospect's attention

and then build rapport.

Like connect with them, make them often like, you know,

curio is is often used,

but really it's like, it's like what are we gonna do

to grab their attention and then also

make them feel like you're really speaking to them.

And so calling out the problem and promising the solution

is like, you know, because we wanna be like, like,

like they want to, we're trying

to qualify who's this for, right?

If you're suffering from this, uh, here's a solution

that's gonna solve that problem, right?

But you're doing a lot of teasing in the lead.

You're not necessarily trying to educate,

you're not necessarily trying to tell them you know, how

to solve their problem or pain point.

You're more so telling them that you're going

to show them the way

and it's gonna be something very interesting

or fascinating or what they haven't known.

And so really the way you look at that is,

we talked about emails, you know,

a few weeks back I talked about how

the subject line is really an advertisement

for, you know, the email.

It's like to get you to open the email, right?

And then the first line

of the email is really almost like an advertisement

for the rest of the email is to

get you to read the rest of the email.

And then the call to action is to get you to go

to the sales letter, right?

The headline of a sales letter

or the sales page I should say, like the headline is again,

an advertisement to get them to watch the video

or to uh, you know, read the sales page.

But a VSL, same thing

that the lead is really an advertisement

for the rest of the video sales letter.

An advertisement doesn't mean like in a hypey, like sort of,

it shouldn't feel like an advertisement,

but really all you're doing in the lead,

and I think this is actually super important

because it's a huge issue in general,

all you're doing in the lead is you're just trying to

sell the prospect on the value of,

of watching the rest of the video sales that,

or reading the less of the sales letter, right?

Um, and how do you do that?

You again, make sure that hey, I you call it the pain point

that they're focused that they're dealing with,

you promise 'em a solution

and you make them really curious to

where they're like, man, I gotta know more.

So I think where people mess up on their leads, one

of the places is again, that they start going into education

or teacher mode too fast.

They try to be like, Hey, you know, like, like, um,

I'll just show you guys examples,

but you if, if you start teaching them all

about the unique mechanism, right?

That's a different part of our structure as mentioned,

it's like you really get teach, you're gonna teach 'em here.

You job isn't to teach them here, right?

And this is a structure that, again,

there's always nuance, there's exceptions.

You might be like, well I saw something where they talk

and they do teach about like, sure,

but let's just kinda get through the, the foundational stuff

that most of the time works

and we can always look at sort

of exceptions in a future training call.

So let's just look at some actual examples

and we'll see how they stack up and,

and do note as we go into that, that these are not,

this is not like a must have order.

Sometimes you'll see things like out of order,

but generally most of these elements will be hit.

So I'll show, um, for example,

this is like the beat your control lead we did

for Metabo Connect, which was was spelt,

it's an info product that is

for women over 40 who wanna lose weight.

Uh, Mario Castelli and I wrote this, it beat their control

by like 15%.

And this is a like nine figure offer.

It was one of their biggest like split test wins ever.

And this was only like maybe, I don't know in the last four

or five months that like that happened.

So let's just look at this lead.

And by the way, I don't even think this lead is actually

that good, but it works.

So it's interesting. We'll talk, we'll talk about why,

what am I, what do I mean by that and why?

Okay, so headline, which we're doing a whole nother train

of headlines, but nu nutritionists,

these five tasty superfoods help women over 40 regain the

effortless full speed metabolism

they had back in high school.

Okay? If you're a woman over the age of 40

and you're struggling to melt those stubborn pounds,

then do yourself a favor

and stop listening to all the so-called fat loss experts

because they have it all wrong.

Here's why most of them like to tell you things you have

to cut out of your diet, you know, the wine, the chocolate,

the carbs, pretty much anything fun.

But according to the latest nutritional research,

the real secret is helping hundreds of thousands

of women in their forties, fifties and sixties

burn fat like they're back in high school again,

has very little to do with the foods you cut out

of your diet and a lot to do with the foods you add in.

'cause these women are using five simple, tasty super foods

to support a supercharged metabolism

and start burning through their stubborn fat faster than

they have in years or in some cases decades.

And that's a much smarter way

to uncover the slim fit body you want.

I mean, think about it, when you were a teen

or in your twenties, did you have

to worry about every little slice of pizza you enjoyed

getting stored a stubborn fat around your belly, hips,

thighs, or other troubled areas?

Of course not because your metabolism was fast

enough to burn it off of no problem.

But as you get older and your hormones change

and your metabolism slows down,

that's when your weight starts creeping on you.

It starts with a few extra pounds

here and there, but it adds up fast.

Before you know it,

you find yourself 30, 40, 50 pounds overweight

and worst of all that weight refuses to budge.

No matter how many restrictive diets

or hardcore workout programs you try.

So instead of feeling proud, confident, happy,

you start hiding from photos

because you're ashamed of how you look in them.

You start swapping out those cute little outfits

that you used to love to wear for oversized clothes

that cover up your troubled area trouble areas.

It's a sad, stressful way to live.

It doesn't have to be this way

because by adding these five specific super foods into your

daily routine, you can help reignite your sluggish

metabolism and give your body supported needs

to start melting through its stubborn fat stores quickly

and efficiently without having

to swir off all the foods you love

or torture yourself with some impossible

to keep up with workouts.

And and as hard as that may sound to believe,

I know it's true 'cause I've seen it happen thousands

of times, including with my own sister Danielle,

because as soon as I introduced her

to these five Tasty super, she was able to end

that frustrating cycle of weight loss failure

and flush away eight stubborn

pounds from her body overnight.

And that's a big claim. I'll come

back to that in a minute too.

Even better, those eight pounds are just a start

because these five superfood helped turn Danielle's body

into a fat burning machine again

for the first time in almost 30 years

and just a few short weeks, she was able to melt all

of her most stubborn fat from most troubled areas,

allow my sister to regain her pre-baby

body that she thought was gone forever.

And the best part of all is Danielle is not the only one.

The secret is worked for because these same metabolic

superfoods have been, have helped over hundreds of thousands

of women all around the road, most

of which are in their forties, fifties, sixties,

and even eighties, burn stubborn fat faster

and easier than they ever thought possible.

One like Gina, who's 53 years old,

lost 14 pounds in her first 10 days,

or Jill who lost 40 pounds in 26 inches

of stubborn fat on her belly, hips,

thighs, and other trouble areas.

Or Paul, who's 56 dropped 42 pounds

and went from a size 14 to a size two.

Now obviously those are some amazing, hard to believe kind

of transformations and individual

results are always going to vary.

But if you're anything like these women

and nutritional diets and exercise programs you've tried,

have a you frustrated, disappointed,

there's really good chance that these five metabolic

superfoods are going to be an absolute life changer for you

because they can help you melt fat from all over your body,

including your most frustrating trouble areas.

And this is a lot. I'm gonna go through the whole lead

and then I'll go back to the thing that line,

even though notorious four Ls that

so many women over 40 struggle

with the lower belly love handles lifted butt

and loose arms, because I know how frustrating it could feel

to be, to feel like you're trapped

in a bias this working against you.

And I wanna help you boost your metabolism

so you can feel slim, sexy, and confident again.

So you can wear anything you wanna wear,

whether it's skinny jeans, that little black dress,

or that cute little bikini

you thought you'd never wear again.

So you can get of compliments everywhere you go from

friends, family, neighbors who believe,

who can't believe how amazing you look.

So you can reignite the intense kind of prominent romance of

that special someone who can't keep their hands off you.

If that's the kind of transformation you wanna make,

make sure you pay very close attention to every one

of the special free video because I'm going

to share all five of these powerful metabolic superfoods

with you and show you exactly it, show you the exact weight.

Thousands of women in their forties, fifties,

and sixties are using these foods

so you can support a maximum speed metabolism

and most stubborn fat without ever obsessing over

your weight ever again.

Okay, so if you go back to this lead, by the way, the,

the big claim around the eight pounds, it's like a

detox flush thing where that's like

what people lose on average and they have

like just a ton of customers.

So it's not like a supplement,

but it's sort of like a water, like a thing

where people lose a ton of weight on it.

So I actually have like these results, it's not like

just as an FYII guess.

Um, but okay,

if you talk about calling out a problem, right?

Okay, well if you're a woman over the age of 40

and you're struggling to melt those stubborn pounds,

so immediately like calling out a problem like a woman who's

over 40 and who's struggling to melt those stubborn pounds,

um, do yourself a favor

and stop listening to all the so-called fat expert loss, uh,

fat loss experts because they have it all wrong.

So we sort of mentioned that tease contrarian

nature of a mechanism, right?

Teasing, that's contrarian. Okay?

Um, and we kinda go on with that teasing

of the contrarian aspect of it, right?

Most of 'em tell you to cut out these things.

Um, but according to the latest nutritional research,

we're kind of briefly mentioning a credibility builder.

Um, the real secret right, isn't about cutting foods out,

but it's adding foods in

and specifically five simple tasty super foods.

So like this five tasty super foods thing was

also mentioned in the headline.

And that's sort of like the big idea of this lead.

That one other I guess factor that it's worth making a note

of is like a repetition

of like there being one thing, right?

In this case, like there's a lot of repetition

of like these five tasty super foods

or sort of like a simple tasty super foods.

They're gonna get repeated a lot

of times from here on out, right?

If you go to promising the solution,

well it's like adding these five simple tasty superfoods are

gonna supercharge metabolism.

We help you start burning fat

and it's a smarter way to go about things, right?

So we've done the problem, we've done the solution, um,

we've kind of teased like a bit of the mechanism about that.

We've definitely teased the contrarian nature of it.

Um, we've briefly mentioned the credibility builders.

We've definitely qualified this, right?

Here's a four woman over 40, okay?

And I think if you were paying attention, you already know

that most of these other ones

besides maybe the fascinations

get covered in the lead, right?

Um, because like, you know, here's, here's a little bit more

of the mechanism ts right?

As you get older, your hormones change,

your metabolism slows down, weight starts creeping in.

Um, and we're kind of going back

to like the pain points more here, right?

And we're saying, but it doesn't have to be that way back

to these five superfoods with the repetition, right?

Um, and we're saying it's kind of easy

and then we're like, you know, I know it sounds

hard to believe, right?

Or that may sound hard to believe.

So we're again, briefly, uh, addressing the s skepticism

and then it started my own sister Danielle.

So we're kind of teasing that emotional story, right?

Start like it like helped her sister Danielle.

Um, and then like, you know, the other, uh, you know,

if we talk about sort of a few broad testimonials, right?

Who it worked for without giving away the product.

Well here's a bunch of these sort of like testimonials

or case studies of people who are in here, um,

and sort of saying like, okay, that got hit as well, right?

And so

then we get back to the promise at the end, okay?

But like if you look at the only one it didn't really have

is any, uh, fascinations, you know, most

of you know what fascinations are.

Sort of like, I'm also gonna be revealing why Harvard says

that, uh, you know, the secret to weight loss

could be hidden inside of your, you know, the top shelf

of your refrigerator right now.

Um, and you know, the 32nd water trick

that helps you to, you know, flush toxins

and improve your metabolism fast or whatever, it's right.

So that's where you could have what,

that's what fascinations could have been.

But again, basically covers all of these things,

which is why we have them in the lead.

But what it doesn't do is start going like,

specifically the hormone we're talking about is cortisol.

You see cortisol does X, y, z

and if your body like it doesn't start to go,

that's the difference between teasing the mechanism

and like actually kind of giving it away, right?

Or teasing it. Like yeah, it does tell the results

of her sister's, uh, story,

but it's not like it's still

not telling you all the details.

And if you go into like the actual transcript of it,

which is like the transcript here, um,

she tells a story of this woman Jill,

and she talks about her sister Danielle.

Um, so she's got a couple stories in the script.

We didn't write that whole script, but we did do the lead.

Um, but let's look at like another example here.

We look at this Beverly Hills pinch test.

We looked at it last week too.

Okay, so Beverly Hills md, right?

Does your skin pass the pinch test?

Let's try and experiment. If the skin on your face looks

loose and wrinkled or just seems to hang lower than it's,

than it used to, here's what I want you to do.

Use two fingers, pinch the skin right below your knuckles

for about six seconds, okay?

Now let go if it stays puckered

or doesn't fly out right away.

And the sagging you see here is likely

caused by an internal issue.

And believe it or not, this is actually good news

because it also means you don't need a bunch

of expensive creams to help tighten its appearance, really.

In fact, you may even be able

to get better results about them.

I know this is weird 'cause it's a YouTube

transcript, so the flow is weird here.

I know that sounds counterintuitive,

but as a scientist, this is

one of the best tips I can give you.

So if you want to help your skin look more lifted

and actually see a real difference, lemme show you

what I recommend doing at home instead.

Hi, my name is Dr. John Lakey.

In the next few minutes I'm gonna reveal what's really

making these so-called super ages look so young.

And the one anti-aging scam you should never fall

for if you're a woman who's currently between the ages of 35

and 89, guys, sorry, sorry, fall

for if you're a woman who's currently between the ages of 35

and eight nine, I encourage you to pay close attention.

'cause I'll show you a scientifically proven way

to help transform your own appearance just

by doing one very simple thing every morning

and know it has nothing to do with skin creams

or cosmetic procedures.

Notice does it require any type of fancy gadget?

It's something you can do right at

home in less than a minute.

You see, the method I'm going to show you actually stems

from a scientific discovery that was made many years ago,

but most women still don't know about it

because, well, for one thing, it's not exactly profitable

for the commercial beauty industry.

And second, it initially was believed to only work for men.

Now I'll talk more about that in just a moment,

but let's just say this assumption was definitely false

because I have concrete proof that women who do this daily,

this daily tend to look years younger than their peers

who don't, who don't literally their skin looks

significantly firmer, tighter, and less droopy.

They appear to have far fewer wrinkles

and their complexion practically goes

with youth and vitality.

So I highly recommend that you try it

for yourself once this video ends.

In the case we haven't met before, allow me

to briefly introduce myself again.

So I kind a fast lead here.

But if we actually go back to it again, all right,

let's call it, so there's a hook, right?

The hook is a pinch test, in this case,

super attention grabbing, try this pinch test, right?

Similar to the education thing that we looked at with, uh,

ancient remedies revived, right?

Um, and that's what, by the way, golden Hippo

and Gundry, which is Gundry md

and also every Hills md, right?

Same company. Um, they do a lot of like, you know, uh,

those types of educational things.

If you go, we, we can look at them in a minute in that

as library, but if you look at like Gundry md,

pretty much like, right?

So many of their leads are like, which is better for you?

Carrots or turn ups, right? You know, it's like Dr.

Gundry talking and then they're sort of like, well,

carrots are actually not very

good for you because of one thing.

So I recommend this. And then like it just transfer goes

into the, the root of the video sales letter, right?

Um, and so they've got this little test, right?

And they're saying, okay, well, you know,

if you had issues like contrarian, right?

If, um, if your skin is messed up,

there's an internal issue and that's actually good news.

So immediately we're kind of going like, uh, you know, kind

of like a contrarian component.

Like, you know, the fact that you might have like, you know,

structural issues of your skin is good.

That's kinda immediately kind of contrarian.

And it's also contrarian that you don't need a bunch

of expensive creams to help tight appearance.

You know, you get the best sauce without them, right?

As a scientist. So there's a little credibility builder

right there, like we mentioned, um, kind

of promising the solution.

If you want your skin to look more lifted

and see a difference, um, you know,

lemme show you why I recommend it at home.

Instead. I mean reveal.

If we go to fascinations,

the super interest thing we talked about last week, I think

that's just because of a different lead they had originally.

Um, so I don't think that's necessarily super relevant,

but they just didn't edit it out.

Um, and this video, I have a link from last week too,

but it was like, you know, 5 million plus views on YouTube,

like obviously it's done decently well.

Uh, I'm gonna reveal what's really making these so-called

supervisors look so young.

And the one anti-aging scam you should never

fall for, right?

So obviously fascination there.

If you're a woman who's currently between ages of 35

and 89, pay close attention.

So, okay, like qualifiers, who is this for? Right?

Um, and then big promise,

I'll show you a scientifically proven way

to help transform your own appearance just

by doing one very simple thing every morning.

So like, there's your, your big promise,

and again, contrarian, nothing to do with skin creams

or cosmetic procedures.

No gadget. Um, remember I talked about promises to save time

or money, something you can do

right at home in less than a minute.

So it's like, okay, you're gonna save

time right there, right?

And you're gonna probably save money it seems like,

because it doesn't have to do with skin creams, procedures,

or fancy gadgets.

Um, stems from scientific discovery made many years ago.

Most women don't know about it 'cause it's not profitable

and they thought it only works for men.

So, okay, what are we doing? We're teasing unique mechanism,

uh, right there, right?

Um, Mila saying like, this is something that, you know,

is a little known discovery

and there's also credibility tied in there as well, right?

Um, a woman who do this tend

to look years younger than their peers.

So more promises, try it for yourself. Lemme go into here.

So what did it not have?

Um, I guess it didn't really address skepticism.

They don't have testimonials in theirs,

which is actually kind of interesting.

Uh, they do have the pinch test,

but they don't, they don't have, and

that's actually Gundry often doesn't do testimonials.

So I think they're better.

They probably don't do it for

compliance, to be honest with you.

They're just worried about, you know,

having too many of those testimonials.

Um, we did have a qualifier.

We definitely had a credibility builder.

We definitely had fascinations.

We definitely tease the contrarian nature of the mechanism.

We definitely tease the unique mechanism.

Didn't tease an emotional discovery story,

which I actually do have a little bit of one.

If you look at the transcript, it starts when a woman

comes into his office, right?

There's a woman called Linda.

So maybe that's something that I would've done if I were

Beverly, those md.

Um, I'm, you know, you could be

like, well how would you do that?

You know, uh, it's gonna like, well,

you know, uh, push back goes with youth in vitality.

Um, in fact, you're gonna be amazed when you see

what happened when one of my patients, Linda used this, uh,

you know, the transformation.

Her skin was incredible. She went from feeling

like her best years are behind her

to gain compliments every day from friends and family.

You couldn't believe how much more

youthful her skin appeared.

Um, and I'll share that, that her Linda's whole story in

just a, a moment with you, right?

Um, maybe you say, oh, by the way,

I know it might sound hard to believe this has worked

for thousands of women, including a patient

of mine named Linda, right?

Because then you've been boom, addressed skepticism

and boom, you, uh, like tease that story.

So those are maybe two things. It would've only been another

sense or two to work those into this lead,

but might have actually, you know, it's not a huge deal.

Again, I think this things obviously working, um,

but those would be easy ways

to also incorporate that in as well.

Now I've got a bunch of addit,

a bunch of additional examples.

I have a couple leads that David shared,

or sorry, ta I think ta

those or David, I think David shared them.

Or was it taas? Whoever shared them. I think it was David.

Um, it, it was me. Oh, it was you. I, sorry. Okay.

Yeah, we'll get that a minute. Um, lemme pause for a minute.

Does anyone have any questions based on

what we've just covered so far

here with the, like this structure?

I have a question. Yes. Hi Stefan. Hello.

So for me, whenever I'm writing leads, uh,

I get very stuck sometimes on the first line

because, you know, like it has to be really, uh,

attractive, whatever.

But then I see leads very good ones like the one for belt

that you just showed us.

That starts literally with if you are a woman over 40

or then I see some that is like, did you know

that like the typical openings?

So like when do you decide to use those?

Because like I know that if I deliver a piece of copy

to a client starting with a line like that,

they might be like, oh, this is too

simple, or something like that.

So I just get really in my head about it.

Yeah, I mean, I would usually just give them a couple

options to test, you know what I mean?

And I would probably, like,

you really do need to test leads.

I mean, um, yeah, like Dario, right, who's our mastermind,

obviously they a couple million bucks a month

and they said that, he said they went

through like I think 130 different micro leads

before they basically found the one that enabled him

to scale to a couple million dollars a month.

Um, and so I do think like

even it's just a couple different opening line

options, you know what I mean?

Or like, like the first couple of

like that that's the thing.

It doesn't really need to be, um,

like if a lead say 300 to 700 words long,

like it doesn't mean three, four

or five leads that are 300 to 700 words long

that are all totally different to me.

That in fact wouldn't make sense really.

But it might be like testing just some different opening

lines and things are kind of cyclical.

Like we talked and when we were at the, um, the ca pro,

you know, mastermind in March mm-hmm.

Uh, several people who are, you know,

doing healthy eight figures were saying that the, um,

sorry, I'm trying to find that one again.

Uh, like the sort of, if you're a woman who, you know, like,

like I, I've, I've said in the past

how much I hate those sort of like mm-hmm.

Leads, right? Because it feels like the radio announcer,

like sort of you're over the age of 40.

Um, but I've had some people be like, oh yeah,

it's actually working pretty well for us right now.

And you're like, damn, okay. Right.

Like, um, but you know, it also depends what's in the lead.

I mean, I generally want something interesting in there.

Like, I mean, I guess going back to this one, like

I I think it's lit written well, it's just surprising

because it's not like insanely

crazy hooks in it.

It's not like, uh, like, you know, the five second

Japanese water trick

that can help you lose a bunch of pounds, right?

Mm-hmm. It's like five simple,

tasty super foods eat these and lose weight.

Um, and so it's sort of surprising that it did so well

for them or has done so well for them and is their control.

Mm-hmm. Um, and I mean, I think it's just

because it's like, I talked to Mario about it

and Mario was feeling too, was just kind of just like,

you know, it's really simple.

This is like, you know, everyone's telling you

to cut out foods, but actually you should eat

more foods and you'll lose weight.

Hmm. It's so simple. Um,

but, you know, I think you could test that versus like

other, you know, hooks that are like, um, like, you know,

we, I did a version of this for like a younger demo

and actually need to like,

this actually turned like a frustrating project.

'cause it's like I wrote it like the TikTok generation

and they're like, um, well we want to be like, you know,

more, like more TikTok.

And I'm like, what do you guys mean?

And actually it's more their, their media.

It wasn't them as much as the agency they work

with everyone's traffic and they're like,

well, we don't really know.

And I'm like, well, it's hard for me to

do something if you guys don't know.

But lemme see if I can find a, uh,

I'm sorry to find.

I don't, I don't like, yeah. Was it this one?

I'll find it in a minute, but, um, I think I shared some

of the hooks I did before, before maybe, but they were like,

it was like UGC type of hooks.

Yeah. Yeah. I remember you shared them in a call. Yeah.

Mm-hmm. Yeah. So it was like, here I can pull up real quick.

Right. Um,

but yeah, know that is sort of like, you know,

there's like the stop scrolling if you're, you know,

thinking about trying another one of those TikTok cleanses

or detox challenges, do not try until you watch this.

Mm-hmm. Um, so it's kinda

like, that's like the opening line.

Um, this was sort of like,

I've lost 23 pounds in the last two months

and say, uh, in the last two months and today

and literally I think they may have added this edit.

The only change I made was the way I'm eating.

So here's breakfast kind of basic,

but goes into that, what was the number three?

But these were really trying to do it.

Like I still really trying to do UGC style,

so they weren't necessarily the craziest,

but they were a bunch of other leads for them the other day

too that were like very, uh, different.

But anyway, um, I guess the point is

that really like was a long-winded way

of saying I would probably just give a couple different

options for, you know, the company to test.

Okay. But it's okay to start simple then too.

Yeah, it is. But if so stands out.

I mean, I, you know, I do generally want, especially though

to me, like it also depends on where it's running.

Like, especially for like Facebook, right?

Like the idea that you're gonna write like A-A-V-S-L

that you're gonna run in feed as a Facebook ad.

Yeah. And it's gonna just like work

is like is you're gonna have to probably test like,

you know, dozens and dozens of sort of micro leads or hooks

or openings before you find the one that

that really lets you scale.

So I think the bi a business today

to start has to be prepared for that. I, I feel like.

Okay. Perfect. And just another quick question,

and this is, uh, just something

that I've been thinking lately

and since you've written so many letters

for like weight loss and stuff like that for women.

Like, I notice constantly most

of the top letters usually talk about women

who in their past were skinny and now they're not anymore.

Yeah. Uh, but in reality there's like a ton of women

that have never been skinny in their lives.

So telling them like, oh, when go back

to the weight when you were 20 years old, it really

doesn't make sense because like they were fat then too.

So, uh, just my question is, have you ever

tried anything different in that aspect

or like to see that one works better than the other thing?

Or, or not really?

Yeah, that's a good question. I mean,

I think gen generally, um, I

don't know.

You know, I mean now I haven't explicitly tested it.

I agree. I've thought about that too. Mm-hmm.

I mean, if I'm, if I'm doing something weight loss,

I've often tried to be more like, you know,

me, I, I like the, the MBC one here, the meta boost control

or whatever is like very explicitly like get back

to the metabolism we used to have

and as assume they used to be like skinny.

Um, but I might be more like

things have just, you know,

it's gotten harder since you've gotten older,

like after childbirth, right.

Is often used like,

because I think like for a lot of women, like even,

you know, nobody really starts out fat, like

where they're born, right?

They're not born, they're not born fat.

Um, yo

and then you're a kid, you know, you're not

necessarily like super chubby.

And usually as women get older, like the weight

gain becomes more and more cha of a challenge.

So even if they were like always struggling

with their weight, like it's generally

gotten worse in recent years.

So we're talking to like a demo of 35 plus or 40 plus women.

And so kind of speaking, I just, I'm mostly trying to speak

to that more than I am trying to say generally.

Like, you used to be skinny and now you're not. Mm-hmm.

Right? Um,

but at the same time, this, you know, is a really, you know,

does, like I said, like nine

figures, it's like a nine figure offer.

Yeah. It speaks to like, hey,

that's what it says and it works.

So I don't know, it probably has to be sent you tests,

but I generally would actually probably try not to make

that the point, you know?

Mm-hmm. Um, like I think one of the rewrites we were doing

for, um, they were doing new leads for,

I think it was this one or maybe it was the younger one,

the younger demo, and we were doing new leads.

And like the idea was like, give you the metabolism

of your annoyingly skinny friend.

Right. And so instead

of like the metabolism you had when you were young

for the younger demo, it was like,

'cause then we were like, all right, well if they're younger

and they're already overweight, that's the other thing going

back to like, hey, well you know, you used to be

not struggle with your weight in your twenties.

It's like they're in their twenties. Right. So it's sort

of like, in that case the promise was more like,

hey, you know, again Yeah.

The metabolism of an annoyingly skinny friend.

'cause everyone who's overweight has

that one annoying friend who can like,

eat whatever they want and doesn't seem to gain weight.

Right. Especially when you're in your, you know, kind

of early mid twenties and stuff like that.

Yeah.

Okay. Yeah, that really helps. Thank you

So much. Yeah, no

problem. Mm-hmm. You

have any questions before we uh,

Yeah, I, I have one.

It's more of an opinion.

Like, I have noticed that in the leads, like

what works best is having a fascinating topic,

like a fascinating idea.

So like I have noticed that it's better

to have a fascinating topic than take all of these boxes.

Uh, and I would like to know

what is your opinion on this, uh, idea?

I mean, I would agree if I had to do one

or the other, I'd rather have something

that's like really fascinating and interesting.

'cause you can tick all those boxes,

but if there's nothing interesting in there,

then I don't think it works.

Right. I've, I see that a lot.

I was actually yelling at one of our members who's a,

I won't say them by name, but they're a long time member

and I did feedback for them yesterday

and I was like sort of like, you know, pretty harsh.

But I was like, because I, I felt like it was all,

the copy's been really flat lately

and it's, it's sort of like,

but it was like structurally,

well actually structurally was kind of f****d up,

but the lead itself was like, okay,

but the copy was like, well ran it.

Like the writing wasn't bad, right?

It was to do with the writing, but it was

like, there was no big idea.

Like every single one of them was sort of like,

um, how do I say this about?

I don't give away too much, but like, you know, hey,

I'm a doctor and if you're like, uh, you know, dealing

with like you're tired and dragging ass

and stuff like that, like, uh, you know, it could be

'cause of this like one thing.

Um, and it's like, you know,

but it was, I don't have to say it was just so like,

it was this very, there was no big idea.

Right. You need a big idea. Right.

And we, I did do some trainings that were,

I think really valuable on big ideas.

It's before you join, but it might

be worth like watching some of those.

But, but, or if you feel good about big ideas, cool.

But the point is like, yeah, I think like,

it doesn't matter if you check all these boxes,

if you don't have a good big idea

or you don't have

something that's really gonna pull people in.

It doesn't be a big idea for the whole promo to that point.

It can be like hooks like, um, again, like, like, oh,

I dropped the cinnamon in my

olive oil, whatever the hell that on my honey.

Right. Even that, like, even it's gotta be something

that's interesting to pull somebody in.

For sure. And it's gotta directly connect too.

I think that's the other thing. I looked at a piece

of copy this morning from another member

where it was essentially about like skin issues,

like eczema and things like that.

And they were talking about, uh, like this sort

of like riot going on in your skin.

I don't think this's a good way. I mean, sorry,

the person is on this call, but I hope you don't mind

'cause I'm not, I totally to redo it.

Uh, 'cause basically I'm like, but I was like,

but it kind of showed like riots

on TV and then talked about your skin.

But I'm like, that's too abstract. That's too like

disconnected if I'm like, if I had like, like eczema, right?

Like show me like a riot from like on the news is just not

gonna really connect to like my skin.

Right. It seems there's like a riot going on.

My skin isn't saying I'm gonna intuitively understand,

but I'm gonna say like there's a silent,

quiet war happening in your skin as like, sort of like,

you know, bad bacteria tries

to eat away your flesh like zombies

and like, uh, you know, causes your itchiness,

flakiness, all that kind of thing.

Like, so even switching from like a riot to like the idea

of a metaphor of like a war that's happening on the surface

of your skin, the invisible war happening on the surface

of your skin, then it's like, okay, wow,

s**t, there's an invisible war.

But the idea that like there's a riot on the surface

of your skin, it's like what's a, what does a riot mean?

Like what, you know. So even like, just like sort of

like the idea has to be like, it has to be relevant enough

and tangible enough that somebody immediately like connects

to it versus feeling too abstract

where somebody has a hard time understanding it.

Like, um, if that makes sense as well. Yeah.

Sorry Randall Randall,

but Randall Randall, most of the copy that's in that video

for you, Randall, most of the copy

was like actually pretty good.

I just thought the riot thing was just a miss

'cause it was just too abstract, um, you know,

versus like a war or whatever.

But I actually thought the copy was

very well written overall.

Um, so that's kind a good,

that's an exact example of what task to say.

It was like copy was like, I quite good,

but it's just like the idea wasn't there.

So having, you've gotta have a good idea

to go all of this for sure.

But also Taso, I think if you can have both,

if you have a good idea and you're sort of able

to check a lot of these boxes, um, good.

And again, I doesn't mean the micro release,

maybe the first minute is really just super interesting hook

and like, you know, kind of how it list the pain point.

Um, and it's either really curiosity

heavy or interesting or whatever.

Like, cool.

And then the rest of the lead can

kind of like, you know, go through this.

Like even that, the pinch testing we just looked at,

it was like the pinch test doesn't do any

of this stuff really, but then this part

after the pinch test does, so

that's the other separation too.

So I think if you wanna have like the first 30,

60 seconds is really dragging somebody in 15 seconds even,

you know, that doesn't need to check all the boxes.

But then I think for the actual lead, the more

of this you can work in is, is generally gonna be good.

Mm-hmm. Cool. Any other questions?

I actually, we can look at your lead stat.

So it was after that as you shared. Okay.