Alright, so let's do some,

you know, shorter, like, 3-7 minute VSLs,

and, you know, even shorter ones. So I used that same,

uh, you know,

hook prompt, I think? I don't know where the heck I saved it,

but I'll find it. Uhm,

for the blood sugar supplement, right? I didn't even include a lot of I'm

just like, this can be,

you know. For blood sugar support supplement,

we're targeting people who are mostly problem aware and solution aware.

It can be based on sentiment,

uh, sentiment, basically the same prompt I've used a bunch of times.

But I had it much closer. Stop drinking coffee to see what it's really

doing to your blood sugar. Your morning routine is typically spiking your glucose levels.

That's not what you think. Do you let sunburn

cause spike blood sugar? Most people don't realize their nose spray is causing blood

sugar chaos. The shocking connection between your laundry detergent and sun resistance.

Bonus for your blood sugar

when you skip breakfast.

This is basic, but actually kind of interesting. Cause I think about for short

ones like ones especially, kind of like educational is good.

So, as usual,

I'm going to copy and paste all these hooks.

So do. Alright,

so I have my hooks, I have my brief, 3-7 VSL.

Honestly, probably just bust out, like,

you know, something like, here's a brief for a supplement

VSL. Please come

up with an outline for one that

is going to sell, uh,

uh, for a 4-minute.

Eh, that's too long. Let's go with 3-minute.

Uh.

For, please come up with an outline for a 3-minute VSL that,

uh,

say a video ad,

it will drive to the,

it will, sorry, you know, drive,

it will go to the longer VSL,

so CTA of this video video ad will be to

get people to go watch the full presentation.

Also, make the ad fairly educational while still

having lots of curiosity and some promises.

Let's pick a hook. We got Probably slips here.

I

like to stop drinking coffee until you see what it's really doing to your

blood sugar, so let's try that one first. Let's use the following

as the opening hook. Let's

see what we get here. Our sweet,

sweet Claude is contemplating. Stopped

drinking coffee until you see what it's really doing to your blood sugar.

Drinking coffee helps to manage your brain? Nope. What about switching your routine?

Nope. How about cutting out sugar entirely? Still no. Here's what's really spiking your

blood sugar. Most people think coffee gives them energy,

but here's what's really happening. More coffee is simply triggering a blood sugar rollercoaster.

Your pancreas goes into overdrive trying to manage the spike.

By 10am, you crash harder than before. That's why you need more coffee.

The cycle is quietly damaging your metabolism all day long.

It's not just caffeine or added sugar.

Coffee triggers cortisol release, which dumps stored glucose into your bloodstream.

Your body treats this like an emergency. Even when you're just sitting at your

desk, this happens every time you drink coffee. Here's what most diabetics want to

tell you about blood sugar. It's not just about diabetes.

Even normal people are on this dangerous rollercoaster. Each spike damages your blood vessels,

exhausting pancreas and stores fat. The scary part?

You can have normal fats and glucose, but still be in danger.

Your body has a natural blood sugar regulation system. Modern life overwhelms it.

There's one specific nutrient that acts like a traffic controller for glucose.

We already talked about fish in this nutrient, every meal becomes a blood sugar

emergency. The solution T is about

a breakthrough island, and oh, you know why it is?

I didn't include DERP, the brief.

So I love this, but the brief,

so we can make that solution T's.

Uh,

please don't change. Please

don't change anything up to the revelation education

section. Gotta

let it do it's editing. Wait

for it,

wait for it. Here's

the most doctors won't tell you about your blood sugar spikes. It's not insulin

production or even insulin resistance. It's something called,

Again, I actually don't like this term, so I would use a different nickname

if this was a real offer. Pinker's makes insulin,

your cells have receptors, but the actual door is broken.

That's why diabetics can take multiple medications and still get worse over time.

Missing piece. Four things,

just kind of explaining the mechanism. Breakthrough discovery video.

Discovered from the Himalayan regions, where diabetes rates are remarkably low,

despite eating high-carbohydrate diets,

these populations rarely develop blood sugar issues. Scientists discovered they use an ancient rice

preparation ritual, adding a precious gold and spice.

This 30-second ritual actually repairs those broken cellular glucose stores at the molecular level.

Testimonials.

Doctor. Doctor put together,

but, okay. So, wait, this looks like, Good.

One thing, when we reference the golden spice,

please mention that it is not turmeric

right away, so people don't think it's another

thing selling turmeric. That'll

do That's surprising. Try to write the actual ad.

Thanks. Please. Write the So

it's going to be basically what we just saw as the outline here.

But it's going to be in,

you know, actual copy format now. So here's what I'm going to show you

in this module, I think, right? This is our 3-7 minute VSL.

We said 3 minutes. Actually,

here's

what happens

to your blood sugar when you skip breakfast, okay?

So you do it, say,

okay, great. Now I want to do another ad where,

Everything

after the revelation patient section,

pretty much the same, but we do a different hook.

In this case, let's do this hook.

This

is going to be another ad, so I don't know if I'm going to

edit this one or do a new one. Let's see. Here's what happens to

your blood sugar when you skip breakfast. Do you think skipping breakfast helps you

lose weight? Right? Nope. What about intermittent fasting being good for blood sugar?

Nope. How about eating smaller, more frequent meals?

Still nope. Here's what's really happening when you skip that morning meal.

Right? Most people think this.

So it's honestly the same format, right?

But now we're testing a different hook with the same structure. This is actually

pretty important. I'm pretty cool. This is why I keep saying it's super annoying

because there's a shit ton of videos in here, but there's like gems in

every single thing. I'm trying to give you the most all-encompassing view of like

how copy gets created that I've seen anywhere.

And in order to do that, you gotta consume a lot of content,

okay? So now you have this version,

right? It's pretty cool. and There's

a couple cool ones. For now, let's just do this last one here.

Thanks.

Let's do one more version. Same instructions as before, but let's use this All

right. And I'm going to do 3

to 7 minute DSL,

examples, blood,

sugar. We'll have 1, 2, 3.

I'll also include the clock conversation. I

mean, this one's a little dumb. You'd think each one's sugar causes diabetes,

right? Okay. This

part's pretty good. I think we have to change this part

a little bit. Let's see. I'll

give it a little bit of context here. Wait,

so

Have to modify this part.

I don't think, same.

I mean, I get it. Like. Think,

fragrance. Free.

Safe. What about, you know, natural cleaners.

How

about, so,

I'm basically saying, like, you know, instead of, like, you think too much sugar

causes diabetes, no. What about genetic disease?

Those things definitely cause diabetes. So, it's like, even though,

I mean, fragrance-free cleaners are safe,

right? What about natural cleaning products? How about those eco-friendly laundry pods?

Still nope. Here's what's really sabotaging your blood sugar that you never suspected.

Now it's like, the household products,

blah, blah, blah. This is the education part here.

So, here's your 3-7 minute,

I'll do this all for you, wham, bam,

thank you, ma'am. And of course,

I could do, you know, you could do endless structures, but I think this

one's cool because you saw how you could take basically the same structure,

if you have a structure if you want. Like, too much of a hoax

for it, right?