Hey everybody, David O'Connell here,

and today we're going to be talking about Google Demand Generation campaigns.

This includes both display and video ad formats.

During this module, we're going to cover what Demand Generation are,

We're going to talk about where they are served, and we're going to talk

about how to make effective Demand Generation ads.

I think the first and most important thing to know about Demand Generation ads

is that this is where the volume is for Demand Generation ads direct response

advertisers. When you hear about advertisers using Google ads to acquire,

you know, hundreds of customers a day using cold traffic,

it's usually going to be through Demand Generation campaigns at this point

in time. That wasn't the case.

Up until earlier this year,

uhm, the big campaign types to drive mass

customer acquisition from cold traffic were really Display and YouTube campaigns.

They made big change earlier this year, and they said,

hey, if you're going to run any video campaigns for which you want to

optimize for conversion action,

which is basically every direct response campaign you're ever going to run,

you now have to run those video campaigns as if as demand generation campaigns

in order to use the conversion optimization functions.

Uh, since conversion optimization is such a big part of success,

all YouTube campaigns for direct response advertisers are now moving into

demand generation campaigns. And something similar has happened with display ads,

uh, because also in April, uh,

of this year, April 2025,

Google has also allowed demand generation campaigns to expand into all the

Google Display Network inventory.

So now you can take campaigns that have already learned within Google's properties and

you can expand them into the Google Display Network and get a huge extension

on your reach because the Google Display Network reaches over 90% of internet

users worldwide. So,

these two things have made a big change,

uhm, and that's why, you know, for DR advertisers now,

demand generation is really, is the place to be.

I think it's the most important campaign type to be familiar with if you

want to do mass customer acquisition on Google.

So, all right, so let's get into it here. So, first, as always,

we want to start with the context of where will the ads be shown,

who will see the ads, and what is the ad format.

So,

where do the ads show? These ads are going to show up across YouTube,

whether it's video or image,

can show up on YouTube. Ads can show up in Gmail.

Ads can show up in Discover,

which is very popular. Ads can on Android devices.

It's part of the native experience for an Android device.

Or Demand Gen ads can show up anywhere across

the Google Display Network. Who's going to see these ads?

Well, the ads here, are going to be seen by whoever you target.

Typically, these are going to be top of funnel,

uhm,

solution aware or problem aware buyers.

You're really going for cold traffic here. Uh,

some of the audience questions. Targeting types that we often see do well,

uh, are in market audiences,

which is a behavioral audience, right? Google can tell you based on all their

data of where people are searching and what videos they're watching.

Are these people in the market to buy something?

So you might, for example, have fitness buyers.

You can also create custom segments,

uh, so you can create audiences of people who may have searched a specific

keyword. So if you sell sunglasses and people are,

and you want to get your ads in front of people who have recently

been searching sunglasses, uh, then you can get your ads on YouTube,

Gmail, Discover, Google Display. Network in front of those people.

Uh, you can create customer lookalike segments by uploading a list of

your customers, uh,

or using your, your pixel data. Uh,

you can do placement targeting. So you can say, hey,

I want to be on these specific websites or I want to be on

these specific channels, right?

This is really good, uhm,

for contextual targeting. So,

you know, again, if you're, uh,

selling, if you're selling workout plans, you might want to be on bodybuilding

websites. And showing up on bodybuilding,

uh, you know, YouTube channels.

Uh, So we can go after men or women of certain ages.

Uh, I will say something to keep in mind when you're doing demographic targeting.

Um,

but also, there are very large categories of people that still show up in

the unknown category on Google. Because a large percentage of Google users,

uh, are not plugged in. So Google doesn't have all the demographic information.

Oh, there is! They tend to have a lot more of the uh,

behavioral information and the content information,

uh, because that doesn't use personally identifiable information.

Uh, and most demand gen traffic is going to be from mobile devices.

And then finally, what are the ad forms? So demand

gen ads are going to be either image or video.

Uh, over time you can develop demand gen campaigns that serve

both. I, I advise starting with one.

I'll talk a little bit more about that in this module.

Images or videos, and you're going to have them in multiple dimensions,

multiple different sizes, so that you can access all the different inventory that's available

on the network, and then you're also going to have 40 character text

headlines. You can have up to five of those.

And then you can also have 90 character text descriptions,

which you can also have up to five. And then Google will mix and

match these things together, based on what combinations Google

believes will perform best, and then what Google measures performs best.

Highly recommended to really only load,

uh, headlines and descriptions that you believe are going to perform well.

Um, if you have low performing ones,

they will get some traffic and it, you know, will lower your ROAS.

Uh, then I have a note here at the bottom,

which I already covered on the end. So I'm slide about how,

uh, DemandGen now includes, uh,

YouTube and Google Display Network Inventory.

So, these are some examples

of, uh,

DemandGen ads, uhm,

in some of the common Google-owned and operated properties.

Right, so we can see on the left side here, an example of a

Shoe Dazzle ad, uh, in the discovery feed.

As people are scrolling through the feed, you'll see one of the images here.

You can your headline,

and your description, the company of the You can see a Fabletics ad here

in the YouTube feed. Uhm,

That would take you away from,

uh, what you were looking for. Uh,

and then finally you have the Gmail feed where you can see some ads.

You can see the Fabletics ad showing up at the top there.

Uh, that shows up as text. It's using your text headlines.

And if you were to click on it. When it opens into a full

email, then you would see the image and more text headlines inside the ad.

And that's where you can click through from. And then also there's the Google

Display Network placements, right, which includes thousands

and thousands of websites. Probably millions of websites across the Internet,

uhm, where display ads can show up like this either on the top,

where you can see, uh, a display ad,

or on the bottom right here, where you can see a Google Display Network

video ad showing up, and that one happens to be And it's

also worth keeping in mind that when you upload your display network

ads, there's all types of different formats across the Google Display Network.

that your ad can show up in. So,

you might upload your ad, and it might look just like this,

uh, this ad for an attorney,

uh, or it could show up in any of these other formats,

like these sunglass ads. Sunglass ads,

here. you can see some are text only,

some use the images, in some cases the image is very small.

So, there's a lot of dynamic formats, which basically lets the ads fit in

perfectly and look native on any of the websites that they're displayed on.

All right, so. Let's talk about,

now that we know where these ads are going to be placed and what

formats we're working with, let's talk about how we create effective demand gen ads.

So, first thing you want to do is identify your target audience,

right? So, go back to the targeting options.

You want to go after cold traffic,

because that's where the volume is.

You could use demand gen ads and create,

for example, a retargeting audience.

you're going to want to create ads that speak to a highly aware

audience. Um, but usually we're going to be going after targeting options here where

we want to reach a solution or probable where audience,

uh, so first decision you're going to make the next decision you make

after you choose your targeting. Is going to be to decide whether to lead

with video or image assets. Eventually you're going to want to have both,

but I think it's very hard for advertisers to make great video assets and

great image assets and optimize them all and have enough capital

for testing all of them. So I usually,

if you're just getting started with demand gen ads, encourage you to pick one,

whichever one you tend to have stronger capabilities in. Focus on getting some successful

ads with that ad type.

And then once you've made enough, made progress,

you're just there, switch over to the other ad type and get that in.

If you have successful video ads,

both video and image ads have access to a lot of inventory

on Google. So if you can make effective ads in either format,

you're going to be able to get a lot of volume. And when you

really want to maximize your volume, that's when you're going to want to make

sure you're running both image and video ads.

Uh,

next point here, uh, you have to interrupt.

This is, I think, probably the most important thing when it comes to running

demand ads. Uh, these are not people who are searching for you.

Uh, these are not people who are saying they want to buy.

These are people that are doing other things. They're going through their email,

or they're surfing the web, or they're, uh,

looking for videos on YouTube, And you have to stop

them in their tracks with your image,

or your video hook, or your headline. Uh,

you have to stop them from scrolling. You have to grab their attention and

be disruptive. Uh,

so this really takes being, uh, being very proactive. You bright, standing out, uhm,

finding ways to disrupt yourself, and we'll, we'll,

to, uh, finding ways to disrupt and stand out,

and we're going to talk about some examples of that. Something that's worth

noting, too, as you get involved with demand gen ads.

Uhm,

you're going to develop, if you develop video ads,

I'm not going to go into a lot of detail here about creating great

video ads. There's other modules in this course,

uhm, and there's lots of content about how to create great YouTube video ads.

So, assuming you've created great YouTube video ads and you upload them into your

DemandGen campaigns, what I want you to be aware of is that there's a

lot of in-feed inventory,

the YouTube feed, which doesn't auto-play.

So, it's really important to make sure that you have great thumbnails. Otherwise,

people may never click on your video and it doesn't matter how good your

video hook is, if they never see it.

tip, is if you're going to run video, make sure you pay a lot

of attention to your thumbnails,

uh, to maximize your using te- uh,

images, to test using big text in your images.

Uh, we usually see better results when we have big text in the

images, uh, but I do want to warn everybody that there are some

websites in the Google Display Network that will not allow images that have text

in them. So, make sure you have some warnings without text.

Make sure you have some with text. The ones with text will usually get

you better performance. Um,

and then by having images without text,

you're going to get more reach that way. Uh,

I advise testing both and then going where the data shows.

Uh,

also for images, you want to make sure you upload multiple asset sizes.

Uh, so you want to make sure you have your,

you know, your square video, your widescreen video,

your tall video, all, or excuse me, uh,

square image, widescreen image. You want to make sure you have all of the

different image types, and all of the video types,

uh, that Google offers you.

By doing this, you'll be able to show up in more inventory,

uh, because Google will serve you where you have the right size ads.

Uh, as I mentioned before,

aim to fill all, uh, all five headline and description Uh,

and then aim to use curiosity or specificity headlines,

right? You, you really don't want to just come in here and say things

like, try our plan. Uh, you may want to say something like,

stop yo-yo dieting for good. Uh, I think as we go through some of

the example ads next, uh, you'll be able to see some examples.

Headlines that perform, would perform well in demand gen.

And then finally, like all ad types, you want to just always be testing,

analyzing, and iterating on your top performing ads.

Um, and I think that matters more than ever in demand gen,

uh, because because of the high scale that's possible.

Uh, a lot of times you can see advertisers come in here and they

have a launch and it may be lukewarm at first,

and then you do some more testing and you iterate on your top performing

ads, and then all of a sudden you can find an ad that gets

really low CPAs. And once you have that,

then the volume can really explode, and this can really lead to,

you know, the hockey stick kind of growth,

uh, for a lot of companies. Um,

so really, really important here, always be testing, analyzing,

uh, even as you're stacking up incremental gains on your ads,

it opens up a lot more scale for you. Alright,

so let's look at some example ads.

So, this is a snapshot from the YouTube feed.

So this is scrolling through YouTube,

looking for, ...videos to watch.

And came across an ad here from Meat Shred.

Uh, pretty good ad. 60 second quiz will tell you your body type

and best diet. So, pretty good proposition,

right? Okay, I only have to invest 60 seconds.

And then I'm gonna get some really valuable information. Uh,

if I was scrolling through here, uh,

videos about workout plans, uh, they know that I'm already interested in this topic.

Uh, and good call to action,

right? Do this one simple quiz to reveal your body type,

best diet, and workouts. So, great text ad there.

The option to either watch the video,

which would play the YouTube ad, or go directly to the quiz.

And, there's a great video ad behind here.

I, I watched this ad. It's a very effective ad.

I'm sure it does really, really well on in-stream YouTube placements.

But, there's one thing that stands out here is, uh,

the thumbnail isn't that strong,

right? So, I think this is a good example of what I was saying

earlier, where, when you run video ads on DemandGen,

really important that you pay attention to the thumbnail. This isn't a terrible thumbnail.

You have somebody who, you know, fits in with the ideal outcome,

um, but it could be a lot stronger.

There could be a much more direct message. It could grab more attention.

Uh, so that would be an easy way for BeShred to improve this ad.

Okay, another ad that comes up for workout programs.

This one is the 30-day military

workout according to the weight.

I'm not quite sure what that means.

If I keep reading the headlines on the right,

military-made workout plan. Build your soldier strength with our results.

Okay.

So, you know, if you're going through videos looking for workout plans,

this one is, is compelling too. I mean,

they're basically saying here, this is a workout plan.

There's the connection to, there's credibility. Uh,

we have soldier here. It's coming from armed forces,

which are known to have good workout plans,

30 days. And so,

you know, pretty good copy here. The copy on the image is a little

weird. I'm not sure what that means according to the weight.

Um, but the design of the image is pretty good.

I mean, you have the guy there for credibility and also to represent

the outcome, somebody would accomplish from the workout plan,

but what it really does a really good job of is having big text

and having big bright text. Uh,

you can see where that really stands out in the feed compared to,

you know, some of the videos above that. So that's what I'm talking about

when I say use big text. It kind of reminds me of,

like, a YouTube organic thumbnail. Uh,

here's another ad in the YouTube feed.

Uh, so I want you to look on top where the AG1 ad is.

And it looks like, you know, reading the text here,

it looks like this was designed to reach an audience that was,

uh, very aware of the product,

right? Maybe people who are, uh,

already in the product-aware stage or who may

be ready to buy. But you can see a lot of things going

on this ad, with this ad, uhm,

that just show, I think show a lack of understanding of the context of

how the elements that were fed in are going to show up on the

Google Display Network.

So, you know, first thing that stands out, you can see it's a square

image here, and there's, like, this blank on the left and right sides.

That tells us they only uploaded a square image,

they didn't upload all the different dimensions.

Uhm, so it doesn't fill out the full real estate as it could,

which would, make the ad look better,

be more effective, got more real estate to work with.

Uh, second thing is, you can see the brand name here,

where they uploaded the brand. Uh,

maybe they have different locations, they said AG1 office site.

So now every time their ads get served, when it shows the brand name,

it says AG1 office. Which, you know, isn't a great look.

Uh, and then they could use some help with their copywriting here.

Uh, I really like that they're making an offer,

um, especially for a product-aware ad.

Uh, offers are a great idea,

you know, get 50% off today. Uh,

this says 50% off for one week only.

Uhm, so I'm not saying if that means I'll get 50% off my first

week, or if it's gonna be 50%

off for a limited time. That would be a much better headline,

right? Change that to 50% off for a limited time.

Uhm, but you can see here,

you know, just a couple changes like that make this a much more effective

ad. And, you know, I think really the big point here is just to

see what's happening here when they haven't paid attention to having this ad.

And, you the right ad formats. And then the other big thing to look

at here is, like, just look at how this ad looks compared to the

organic video that came up in the feed below it.

You know, they, they might, Agent 1,

might have had a chance here to grab a customer and customer might go

to this video because it just looks a lot better. Uh,

interesting to click on, and they might wind up with this IM8 product instead.

Uhm, you know, what's better about this?

Well, you have faces, you have bright colors,

uhm, there's some drama,

there's some intrigue, like, there's an actual message there,

right? You can see it's going to be a face. You can

see it's going to be a

face, you can see it's

going to be a face,

it's going

I'm to show up next to you.

So let's keep going here. So this slide I just wanted to show you

because this is just a snapshot of some organic YouTube thumbnails,

right? So this again is also in the YouTube feed. Uhm, but I think

that,

organic YouTube advertisers, they really have to fight to get their traffic,

right? You can't pay to be at the top of the list.

And they're click the rates into the ads of such a big impact.

So, you know, I think organic, uh,

YouTube creators.

Have really dialed

in the art of making their images stand out here with big text,

bright colors, and using messages that will drive

in tree and we'll drive the click, right? I mean, you just look at

this, this. Uh, bitcoin video here,

okay, you can see bitcoin, ethereum, and this guy's saying I'm a thousand percent

sure. I can see it's gonna be a person, he's gonna tell me his

opinion about it. Uh, you know, that's intriguing,

and there's bright colors here, it really stands out in the feed.

Um, so I think this is a good example of,

you know- Elements that you want to integrate into your thumbnails,

if you're gonna run, uh, YouTube video ads,

and things you want to integrate into your, uh, image ads, if you're gonna

run image ads on the demand generation, uh,

campaign type. Alright,

so let's look at a couple of other ads. These are some greens powder

ads. Uh, this is also in the YouTube feed,

uh, and this happens to be on mobile. You can see on the left-

side here, we've got top five best greens powders.

Uh, and we've got ad techs,

50 plus greens powders, tested 2025.

So, okay, I mean, the, the headlines good,

looking for the best morning kick alternative headlines.

Good, descriptions good. If you were in the market for greens powders and you're

at that, you know, umm,

solution-aware stage where you know you want a green powder,

you don't know which, which one you want. Um,

this could be a really great ad for you to,

uhh, uhh, to make a buying decision.

Uh, what would be my critique of this ad?

Well, the image isn't that great, right? I mean, it shows green powder,

but how about some big text like we saw from the YouTube thumbnails?

Or, uhh, how about some celebrities? Or how about, umm, you know, just things

that- that would be more attention-grabbing,

right? Just a- a- a person's face is gonna draw more attention than a

spoon with some green powder in it.

Uh, and then we can see on the right side a- a green powder

ad from AG-1. Um, and I think this is another example for them of

not- using all the assets. So you can see here they created a campaign

that, uh, really was only text driven.

They don't have ads or videos. Um,

and so Google wasn't able to serve,

uh, any imagery they just took their headline,

but right in the middle of a blank background.

Alright,

so let's keep going here. Now we've got a couple ads for guitar lessons.

On the left side, this is demand gen video ad.

Uh, and this ad is on autoplay,

and you can see what the hook is here. I mean, the hook is,

I would say- a pretty good hook. Uh, it says too many people try

to learn with YouTube videos, and guess what? You can imagine, you know, the-

the guess what is, they don't get a good result. Um,

but this is a great hook because, you know,

you're speaking to people who are on YouTube looking up guitar

lessons. And

it allows you to interrupt and grab their attention and say, hey, what you're

about to do right now, uh,

may not be the best- best decision.

Um, and that's where they can introduce themselves as a solution.

Uh, great headline here,

master guitar fast. With fun, easy,

online lessons from guitar tricks.

Um, so, you know, pretty- pretty good ad here,

I think, on the left side. Um,

and then on the right side, we have, um,

another guitar lesson ad. Uh,

and I think there's a couple good things. Things about the image.

Probably the best thing about the image here is they have a very prominent

headline, and they're using text in the image,

right? Learn guitar with songs you love.

Um, so,

that's compelling, right? I'd rather play songs I love than songs- that I hate,

uhh, a lot of guitar lessons to focus on teaching you how to play,

I don't know, Mary had a little lamb before you got to play Stairway

to Heaven. Uh, I think everyone wants to just pick up the guitar and,

you know, play the songs they love. So, you know, pretty good message there.

The image could be better. I mean, it-it's-it's relevant.

There's a guy playing a guitar. Um,

they have some bright colors here with the purple and the yellow,

but I think it could be a lot louder to grab a lot more

attention. Um, and then the headlines could be better here,

right? Simply guitar, learn guitar, guitar out for beginners.

They're just saying what it is. Uh, you know, that really pales.

A comparison to the ad on the left where we're saying master guitar

fast with fun, easy online lessons from guitar tricks.

Uh, just a bunch more compelling copy.

And then another example for,

uh, memory training courses.

Um, so let's say you're going through YouTube and you're looking for ways to

improve your memory. You could come across ads like this.

So on the left side, you could come across, uh, this ad from Jim.

Um,

and he's got a great headline here.

Super human memory in 31 days.

Reprogram your brain to stop forgetting the things that matter,

achieve next level, level memory. So this is pretty good,

pretty good ad copy here. Um.

And then the image probably could be a lot better.

I mean, we've got the guru here.

He's got a brain on his shirt. Okay, there's definitely relevance there.

Um, I don't think most people,

most cold traffic audiences, are necessarily going to recognize him,

though, and-and he- his face won't have a lot of meaning for them.

It's not like, uhh, big celebrity.

So, uhh,

he probably could get much better results if he started to bring some more

of the message that he has in his text here, up into the image

itself. Umm. And guess some images with brighter colors that will grab more

attention. And then we have a,

uhh, add on the right side here, uhh,

that, I would say this isn't a great ad.

The one thing this ad has going for it is it has some bright

colors, right? So, it may get a little bit of attention.

But, well,

I look at it for a second and there's, you know, it's kind of

a strange cartoon. I don't know, people are bike riding and doing handstands.

Uh, I don't know what this has to do with the product or why

I would really draw my attention. And then it's kind of a weak headline,

right? It's just what we have. Brain exercises for memory,

sharpened memory. Umm,

really, you can see how the copy on the left side is so much

stronger for a cold traffic audience to get their attention.

Okay,

so now we've covered a lot of ads on Google properties,

and what I wanted to also show you is some ads,

uh, on placements that would be across the Google display.

That way. So,

what I did here is I went to a tool called Adbeat,

and, um, Adbeat's a great tool for looking up the

display ads of any advertisers.

So, if you're gonna come into demand,

Jen, and create a, uh,

you know, I think with any form of marketing advertising,

you always want to do your research. I highly recommend using a tool like

Adbeat to look up with all the other players in your market are doing

and seeing what their ads look like. Uh,

if you see ads, at high volume, running for running consistently over time,

usually means they're very high performing ads.

So what I did here was go to Adbeat and put in,

uh, a couple companies that I know do high volume of advertising,

uh, that are running, uh,

demand generation and Google Display Network,

uh, at scale. Uh,

this company is the U.S. Concealed Carry Association,

and you can see a variety of their image ads and their text ads

listed here.

Uh,

you know, these are, I would say these are pretty good ads.

Uh, they're often speaking,

it's interesting here because they seem to be speaking to problem-aware,

and even in some cases, problem-unaware audiences,

right? Umm, six things you didn't know would happen when the police

arrived, or confirm you are carrying legally.

Uh, what's the other one? Traveling with a gun. Uh,

view the updated map with gun laws in your state.

Uh, view the updated gun laws in your state.

So, it was a pretty compelling message.

Uh, the ads are very attention-grabbing.

I think just survival instincts. You see a gun somewhere.

It's gonna grab your attention. You're gonna look at it.

Um, and then there's messages here that,

That basically say, hey, you know what?

Maybe I am doing this right. Maybe I'm not. But it creates enough intrigue

that it's going to drive a click. Uh, these are very successful ads.

And if you were to click on these, they-they basically bring you to,

um, to a lead magnet page where you can provide,

your contact information to get the map that explains what the gun laws are

in every different location. Uh,

I feel like this image with the police cars, uh, is a really great

example of using bright colors and grabbing attention,

too, right? Uh, if you see flashing police lights,

That's always going to grab your attention, uh,

even subconsciously. Uh, and that's what you want to do here.

You want to have images that grab attention.

Alright, and then next up, we decided to also take a look at V-Shred,

who is another, advertiser that does high volume,

uh, and the Google Display Network.

And, uh, these are some of the ads that came up. So again,

you can see text elements, and you can also see videos here.

Um, and, you know,

they're getting in front of people, uh, with a quiz,

who, Are people that want a workout plan?

Or they want a diet? And say, one quiz will reveal your body's body

types best diet. And I mean,

for example, the meal plan here, um,

so it's a compelling message that speaks to what the audience wants.

Uh, I like this image. Here too,

with, with the eggs, uh,

you know, before and afters are always very effective.

We can see the headline here is, one quiz will reveal your body types

best diet. So show up before and after,

uh, and it's kind of contrarian,

right? It looks like this egg has a f- cat belly and is eating

salad and apples.

Uh, this egg is ripped with abs and is eating cheeseburgers and pizza,

right? So you kind of get this message of, okay,

the right diet type might let me get ripped eating burgers and pizza.

You know, hey, maybe I think I'm eating healthy and I'm just eating the

wrong things. Umm,

so these are pretty good ads across the board.

Uh, and something that, you know, this isn't a true before and after here,

but something that's worth noting is, you know, if you are going to run

fitness ads or if you're in the fitness category, you can do this for

heady. Uh,

whereas meta or Facebook won't allow you to run a lot of before and

afters, uh, you're completely allowed to use before and afters,

for fitness and other categories,

uh, on Google. Um,

so better way to say that. That is, a lot of categories that don't

let you use before and afters on meta ads,

you're allowed to use them on Google ads.

And that can make really effective ads, too.

And then, uh, here's a couple more ads from,

uh, Vishra. And, uh,

and you can see we've got some before and after to go with that

before and answer concept again in the top right.

Uh, and then,

you know, also like, this image over here, free online quiz helps millions get

in shape fast. Uh, again, big text.

Um, and. Seems like they have,

you know, in this case, they could probably strengthen this ad.

With some before and afters, they seem to be using all after images.