Alright, let's get to, uh,

the next example. Just real quick, I do want to show you,

you know, for the end of that last one. This was the,

uh, Opal Beauty VSL for whatever

it was, uh, 30 minutes, I think I said,

28 minutes. I put into this document as well.

I'm actually right through it. I won't, I promise I won't in this video,

uh, but I did a word count.

It's 5,000 267 words. Pretty crazy,

okay. Let's go back to projects in

the brief generator. Okay,

so let's look at another example. Let's look at Airbnb Arbitrage.

Let's say, I'll close this stuff for now.

We already got this stuff here.

Thank for being I

kind of want to not lose whatever's in cloud, it's fine. Uhm,

you know, we've been doing that Airbnb Arbitrage example.

I want your help generating a new brief for our Airbnb Arbitrage coaching program.

I've attached a UMP and also some market research that you can pull from.

I've also included a document with some additional relevant information.

Please go ahead and get started now. So I did for this one.

We've got the unique mechanism, you may recall from this video as well.

I went with the,

uhm, the income to asset gap,

I'm pretty sure, yeah. Income to solution,

asset gap, you're trying to,

you're trying to solve an asset gap problem with an income gap solution,

okay? So in this case, what I'm trying to do,

one of the things I'm trying to show you is like, well, what if

I don't have, uhm, Like a website already,

right? To go after. Okay, we've got the UMP, you've got the Unified

Research Document, which you will recall us doing,

right? Uhm,

and then, I did create this, because you usually would have at least some

information. So basically I used Gemini to create a little,

like, I'm gonna call it something different than a brief,

I'm gonna say Overview, I don't like the Asset Control

System Coaching Program, but it's fine. Oh,

okay, I see. Actually, I can still read this,

frankly. The Asset Accelerator, okay?

I had it basically called, like, a case study.

Spokesperson, Guru, Marcus McHays,

Reluctant Mentor, 34 year old guy is burned out,

it's not a flash of guru.

Core Promise, and it basically created, like, the core curriculum in a week program

designed to be added to the vague low support course,

and I had to create modules. Dietetic Coaching Components,

you offer $8,000 for three payments.

Guarantee,

you'll secure your first property within four months if you don't work with

you one-on-one, so dearest investment.

Okay, so that's, like, it's in there. It's kind of cool. It's basically gave

Gemini, let me see, like, I'll show you what I did in case you're

curious, right? In case you ever want to do this as a fun little,

uh,

case study here. Why

should I do this? That's weird. Uhm, so I did one for, like, financial,

which

you'll see in a minute.

I'm like, hey, cool, let's do something for an Airbnb arbitrage program.

Uh, sending sales. Had to do coaching,

sketch the program details here, I can use it as an example.

Also create a fictional spokesperson and relevant data.

I gave it the, uhm, unified research thing in the UMP, and this is

what created copy and pasted it.

So that's how I did it, in case you were curious.

Thanks, Gemini. Alright,

so, what prompt did we do here?

I want your help generating a new brief for our Airbnb arbitrage coaching program,

UMP, market research, and document for additional relevant information.

So,

let's go ahead and upload that stuff to cloud.

We can just sort of copy and paste it over to our RMBC2 brief

generator, and we'll upload those documents.

Give me one moment. Alright, they are uploading.

Right away, dear cloud.

So now you can just see it do it.

Core

archetypes, stack of graphics, pain

points, trying to solve an asset gap problem from income gap solutions,

getting trapped, patience of paycheck living,

inability to handle emergencies, never escape the night shift,

9 to 5 grind, can't build generational wealth,

working till death. If you promise this,

we'll show you the hidden truth about why every side hustle you've tried has

failed, and reveal the asset control method that lets you start accumulating cash flow

in real estate assets without needing hundreds of thousands of dollars or perfect credit.

You'll discover why you've been solving the wrong problem this entire time,

the specific method that bridges the gap from income dependent to asset rich,

how to control cash flow and properties without owning them,

I'll show you proof why this works for regular people starting with limited capital,

what does it look like, okay, waking up to money deposited from guests who've

stayed while you slept, multiple income streams, providing 5,000 to 15,000 a month passes

of income, complete financial peace of mind,

building a portfolio of cash flowing assets worth hundreds of thousands,

lifestyle transformation, complete autonomy over time and schedule,

never asking permission for time off, They'll either quit their corporate job forever,

or they'll work from anywhere with just a laptop and internet connection,

time, freedom to travel, respect and recognition,

being part of an exclusive community,

legacy creation, ensuring their children's financial security,

confidence from mastering a skill that creates lasting wealth,

existing things that exist, high-ticket stuff,

DIY, traditional real estate, other side hustles,

etc. You need mechanism of the problem,

this is sort of our UMP UMS from the document,

the asset control method, unique nickname,

that's why we have this one here, the rental arbitrage loophole,

the asset gap bridge, control for ownership system,

main ingredients, MA, bold claims,

acquire and automate your first cashflow and rental asset in 90 days,

replace your 9 to 5 income within 18 months using the asset control method,

properties with $5,000 to $15,000 per unit instead of $100,000,

generate passive income that works while you sleep, travel or spend time with family,

supporting claims, start building real wealth with minimal upfront capital,

create win-win partnerships with landlords who actually want this arrangement,

automate 90% of operations so this doesn't consume your life,

build a defensible business and markets others overlook,

program what What it is, is this, module breakdown.

High-value support components. Now,

frankly, honestly, if I want to write the VSL, I probably would upload because

it was sort of brief, right? It's fine,

but I might, if I had a good thing that really sketches out what

the product includes, I might actually do,

uh,

include that as well. I'll be honest with you, so keep that in mind

when we get to the VSLs. Background story.

It's got Marcus's journey, Marcus Mac,

right? Um,

main speaker is Marcus, second speaker,

NA, brand company,

testimonials,

proof elements, before, after screenshots,

credibility builders, 90% millionaires,

but wealth reveals. Real estate, Federal Reserve data confirms the asset gap is widening,

housing shortage creates unprecedented opportunity for rental arbitrage operators,

it's credibility, I think these are really sort of things from the brief as

well, results, credibility,

normal price, $8,000. Now again,

I might also, I would do this probably as a book a call VSL,

not a, uhm,

book a Now as a VSL to sell a product for this much,

for that much money, doing bonuses which are cool,

scarcity, future pacing,

here's what's going to happen for 30 days, 60 days, 90 days,

6 months, 12 months, 18 months,

objections. This is another

guru trying to get rich selling courses, the real cost would be way higher.

Landlords will agree to this,

everyone is doing this, won't work anymore, becoming their overwhelming side hustle.

I tried other business opportunities and failed, got a lot of objections,

right, I don't have money to start, what if the market crashes,

and then there's hoax, right. The hidden truth about why every side hustle you've

tried has failed, rental arbitrage loophole that landlords actually want,

high control 2.3 million real estate assets without owning a single property,

the asset control method that's creating millionaires without traditional loans.

Investors wait for down payments, but the housing crisis is actually creating the biggest

opportunity of our lifetime. So I went kind of fast,

but the reason why is I just want you to see how,

it's really about journey of the brief, you can read through these examples,

and you should. Uhm,

but really all we did, research, mechanism,

and the other part of it too, the, uhm,

little starting thing. Okay,

so, same thing as with the UDI storm example,

we can now take this and write all kinds of columns. I'll be short

as, long as, all that, and I'll do that in another module, I'll keep

these shorter. I'm going to do two more videos with two more examples.