Alright, so let's talk about promotional campaigns and sequences.

I have a bunch of examples. I'll be honest with you,

this is going to be a fairly fast section.

Not because they're not important, they can make you a ton of money, but

because I really do think they're pretty formulaic.

I mean, sure there's somebody out there who will argue with me,

but in my experience, I mean,

just thinking out loud.

I've done millions of dollars in revenue in the promotional campaigns in

the last six months. And we did,

like, $275,000, like,

a single day, $273,000,

like that, recently. Umm,

so, you know. There's already a ton of money.

But, it's not a really rocket science,

so I always give you a bunch of samples to look at, okay?

For a supplement company, I did a 4th of July one.

Like a Thanksgiving slash Black Friday one.

And then a, umm, sorry, I started numbering them and stopped numbering them here.

A 24-hour flash sale one, which I'm gonna,

And then I did it for that. For

the supplement company. And then I did it for

the Airbnb arbitrage thing again, but this time I created,

like, I made it like a little tool, like, automates part of the process.

That usually is, like, $4.97 or something, but you get for 50% off. And

they're pretty, you know, structurally they'll be very similar.

I if you at the holiday sale. So again,

where you can go read through the copy on it.

But it's really just like, hey, you know,

reason for the sale, which you're typically at holiday,

but you could be like, national cat day, whatever.

A lot of excitement.

But honestly, a huge part is a lot of excitement. You know,

our biggest discount of the year, only 72 hours,

right? So it's really just, I don't have a doc for this,

but it's like, big savings,

lots of excitement. Urgency,

right? Limited time. Like,

why are you doing it? And you can kind of remind them of the

benefits, of course, right? So it's kind of like, this case,

hey, we're doing this huge sale. You know,

picking our products 50% off. You know,

why? Well, Independence Day represents freedom.

There's no greater freedom. I feel like coughing your own body.

You know, what you're looking to do is your chance to say big.

Use this code. Look how much,

you know, cheaper things are going to be. Again, you could do different pricing.

It ends now. No upset extensions.

Use this coupon code. Okay,

nice OPS. Our manufacturing team says, this is the pervert time to stock up

for 90 to 180 days. You're selling this case for someone to stay fresh

for two plus years and never run out. You know,

never run out during your health transformation. It's like, why should I do it

now, right? This reason. Okay.

It's kind of, Like a social proof, right? Oh my gosh, people are stocking

up. Like, the results are crazy, right?

Umm,

we've seen how much, you know, oh my god,

everyone's doing this. It's like a movement. You don't want to miss out.

And then people are like really happy. Like,

you know, like the test mode is like, um,

it's sort of six months to apply. You know, obviously you find like a

real testimony from somebody or something like that.

You know. So finally, but the bullet ordered all through supplements.

The price is holding me back. 50% was pushing me. Thank you,

right? Cause I mean, someone else sees something like that. You know,

smart customers are changing this like a health investment, right?

So hey, why should we do this? You know,

you're locking these rates. Don't worry about running out.

No painful price later. Don't worry about your progress.

You know, order now. Here are some things that you could do, right?

You could combine these things together if you have multiple skis.

If you don't want skis, You're gonna do this, just say, just one ski

or one, like, a bunch of yourself in. Right?

We might run out before the sale even ends, right? Urgency, urgency, urgency,

urgency. And the final day,

day three, I like three emails, at least. You 50% off everything.

And it's the night. I didn't format these yet,

so I will real quick. Just kind of quad. Spares in 12

hours. This is it. Final chance to say 50%.

Self-time to grab. Right.

The product is the saving, the benefits,

mix and match, say 50% everything. A little bit more of an emotional push

here, maybe not on the fence. You know.

Because it's for people who are thinking about other supplements, right?

In this case, it's coming from a doctor, right? People who see the- And

bye. S-results are the ones who take action and opportunity to possess itself.

They don't wait for timing. They don't let fear hold the back.

They invest in their health. Like, that depends on it because sometimes it does.

You know, use this now. Customer service,

right? So if they have an unresolved reason.

Newly sold out, you know,

six hours left. We're running low.

Yeah,

it depends on, again, complying with some things like what you want to say

here, but these are just good examples. You know,

it's been crazy. People are buying this stuff.

You know, we're going to be sold out before midnight.

You know, we've been waiting. You act fast.

Once we're out, we're out. You know, um,

we're not going to do a 50% again. You know. We make more.

Remember the formula can do. You know, some other people, some of these people,

social proof,

remind them of spill or gain results. You can't do.

Hurry up, p.s. You know, add these formulas too if you want.

Are you sure we have these formulas with the blood sugar one? That's the-

That's your star product, right? You know, that's why some of the more what

they already- most we already bought. Kinda like the upsell concept.

It tends to make sense. Okay,

three hours left. Final warning,

although it's not really their final warning probably. Um,

three hours in counting. So just quickly

reminders, hey, you know, like- Okay,

so that's the last one, actually, on this one. Right,

so that's all it is. I mean, really, and then again, what if I

was gonna do Labor Day? What would it still call it?

Hey, we'll do a, you know,

Labor Day sequence,

you know, five emails, sixteen- goes, whatever it is.

Umm,

you know, what about Halloween?

What about whatever, right? Just Easter. It's the same thing.

Umm,

so I gave you that sample, what you're also gonna find here is a

Black Friday one. Now this is gonna be like a, a sixteen-month sequence.

It's just six, let me see. Yeah,

you can always add to it. I'm not gonna read through all that I

was gonna skim through it for you. Right?

Umm, but kind of like, like all of the things can be Black Friday

preview sale, right? Really big sale.

Can I ask this before everyone else? You know,

early bird special. I'm not even gonna form out all of this one because

I, I guess I'm the call. Umm,

you know, kind of why do it? Well, hey, people are fighting over TVs

and gadgets throughout day of the year. You're investing supplements or your products or

solutions, whatever it is that can transform out of you for every single day.

Use this code. Here's the math to show you.

You've several savings. You've got six days.

Like, it's easy. It's smart. Umm,

customers love it. You'll love it too.

Where like, you if teams prepared, you can party shipping if you go fast.

It's kind of like, oh my god, response is insane. You can't believe it.

You know? Umm,

this, you know, something Wednesday, this thing's going to be more grateful for,

right? When we're grateful for something research breakthroughs,

the war's recognition, it's used,

all the patience, like a message, it's like this one, that's what's- about not

supplements, not sales, transformation. You know,

right now, you can experience that transformation.

And so, I know it's supposed to be week, umm,

future mainstream. What next Thanksgiving, you're writing me a thinking message about how these

supplements change your life. What next year you really want to spray on someone

else to take control of their health. What if this Black Friday purchase becomes

the turning point you look back on yours for now? Three days to find

out. Hey Thanksgiving, kind of another thing, full thing, which makes sense.

Have 7 Thanksgiving, you know,

taste of our sales or supplements about gratitude.

That whole thing matters. This is kind of emotional.

This is great. I do these things, umm,

when I've been in promotions for Thanksgiving in the past, umm,

you know, use the code, whatever. And then finally Black Friday,

big push, right, sort of, hey, a few hours left.

Act now, all that. And you can hit them again later,

like, four hours left. And again, you don't want to do another email in

between, right? Umm, I'm just checking in my, my postmates. It's gonna come literally

at the exact time I start a call,

so that's just great.

Umm,

cool. And then this is just like a, if you wanted to do like

a, any reason 24-hour flash sale,

this is like, I can email, email examples for that, right?

Kinda smart today, I wasn't playing on this. But,

you know, we got some extra inventory, so I'm gonna pass the savings on,

right? We're not going back to inventory

for multiple days, like our other sales. We haven't stopped right now,

so what you get when it's gone, it's gone. And minute tomorrow,

the deal is just forever. You know,

if you're waiting for a good deal to try something, running low,

Go on to stock up, think about it in a third.

Again, I might say, you know, supplement is a little meh.

But overall, it's a good copy.

Umm,

you know, order sooner to get shipped faster,

right? And make sure that's accurate, obviously, for you to keep that in there.

If you use cloud as a cloud project as a template,

it pops out like that. Umm.

Halfway point runs at midnight.

Wow, people are again, it's faster than ever. Testimodial,

social proof. And kind of final,

like, hey, like last hour or two hours left.

You can do four hours left wherever you want, right? A little bit of

a crossroad saying, hey, you can either skip this in regret it,

or you can do it and be happy.

Alright, so those are,

I think really what you need for promo sales, like with these three plus-the-clock

projects, we're gonna use, like, you should just be in good shape here.

Um, but let me show you for people who are like,

I don't do supplements. You know,

does the same thing for your anime coaching tool? So again,

here we're sort of pretending it's like,

uh, you know, the asset finder pro, right?

So it's the thing that sort of helps you, Find cash flowing properties

that, you know, kind of automated or automatically, right?

Independence Day, so Rick Free from your 9 to 5,

your financial independence starts here for 50% off,

right? Mocking 50% off the tool, sometimes the people find their cash flowing rental

arbitrage property. The asset finder pro, usually for an X7, now just 240,

50, you just code 350 through.

You just send a mid-night. Here's what pisses me off,

plus people are structuring time for money. You know,

they see rental arbitrage working for others, but they get paralyzed trying to figure

stuff out. That's what asset profile, uh, find,

asset finder pro solves. Kind of tell them,

remind them what the does here. The coaching students use it.

It's great. We get great results. Um,

it's not about freedom. You know,

why the tool plays for itself. So in this case, like, because we're not

selling them more of what they already bought. They might be familiar with this.

They might not be. And by the way,

this is based up a real use case with the CA promo group as

a tool like this. They sell an info product and

then they have a good tool that does a lot of work for them.

This isn't their sequence, but they do really well with that promo. So it's

actually a really viable thing to do, right? So when they do that promo
for their people, it's like some of them are aware of this tool,

but last people aren't. They don't. Remember, even if you brought up a bunch

of times when they first bought, tried to sell them as an upsell,

like, you can't assume they know, right? And so this is where having,

you know, with kind of remind them of what it does and what either

value is, testimonials, social proof, you know,

you're selling them a bit harder in these emails because they're going to resume.

They don't know what it is, right? Um.

But it's gonna say, oh, downloads up to 340%,

more people using it, right? I'm gaining emails.

You know, reminder what it does, use the code.

Final push here, right? The morning one,

right? At midnight, it goes back up. Here's what,

you know, you'll be missing if you don't grab it. Here's what you'll get

if you do grab it. A little more of that emotional crossroads thing.

And then, there's an afternoon one here.

I don't know if I love you so much lines I might change them.

Maybe, like, it might be confusing if somebody, they might think it's spam,

so I'm not sure. But I don't mind the idea of it.

So it's just hammering, though, okay? Umm.

So we do this as four.

And then, Black Friday. Some more concept,

right? Some more structure as well as supplements. Umm,

do just have to educate them a little bit more on what it is

and what it does? Same idea I would assume.

We get to Wednesday and grateful for acid builders like you.

Kind of a weird name, but I guess it feels part of the nomenclature

for- Welcome. Right?

I'm not just thankful for business growth,

recognition, it's people like you. Right?

So it's kind of the same thing. It's really the same model as for

supplements. Umm,

funnily enough, it's just not for supplements,

right? The copy's really not that different. And the same thing for that 24

hour sale. Okay, I was planning on doing this. I was planning on doing

this- So on my business partner's side, why not give the community an expected

win? So the next trip for hours, you can get this 50% off.

Usually it's here, use this coupon. You know,

here's what it does. Same thing, right? So you can go through all the

sequences, but I think this should have even a pretty good place.

Uh, after this, we'll just do winbacks and reorder sequences and then

do cloud project. And then we'll be done with email.

Thank very much. So that'll be cool.

Alright, thanks.