Alright, so, we're gonna go through two more examples here.

One with Bizzah, one with Goff.

What do the Airbnb arbitrage Bizzah on first?

And you know, I was thinking about this, because even as I go through

it, I'm like, do I really want to read through everything again?

I mean, you already sort of had, um, Yeah,

you saw all the stuff here, right? You saw the example by storm,

we wouldn't, So honestly, what I would be doing here,

if it was my first time going through it, so I would read every

single word, but I don't think you need to read along with me.

You're gonna get access to these prompts.

I think we should use that quad one I mentioned previously.

The quad prompt. That is gonna basically,

Sorry guys, there's so much stuff up.

Um, let me open some of this stuff. I gotta close some of the

skincare things. That.

That. That. That.

There's my quad one. There's quad. Okay, cool.

So, we did biz op.

I got the Gemini output, which of course would be included in the chassis

bt one. So what I'm gonna do, Is

I'm gonna download the Gemini one. There's a PDF.

And I'm gonna charge the bt output. Umm.

I'm gonna download this one. Or copy paste it into a dock and then

download it.

Cuz it's like, you know, amazing.

We'll copy that. Create a new document.

To be like, uh, chat,

gpt, bizop, psycho,

graphic. Deep research output.

Copy and paste into here. Wow,

wow, wow, wow, right? Umm,

and download that. Back to the cloud prompt.

So, let's

go back to our good friend, Claude. Do something here.

Umm. What's actually cool is,

I mean, I highlighted it yellow, but you can actually just keep this generic.

I actually purposely designed this one to be generic,

so you don't need to necessarily, um.

Right, biz-op, Airbnb, arbitrage, whatever, right?

This is here, because it'll figure it out by looking at the PDFs.

So, I'm gonna upload the two PDFs. Okay,

the PDFs are uploading.

They're big files, so it might take a minute.

Or, really long time, kind of surprisingly,

long time. Should be already shortly, there we go.

And let's go ahead and run this prompt here. And,

Then as we go through the output, we'll get a good summary of what

we found, right? Umm,

and I think again, this is cool. And

to me, it's just easier than trying to,

read everything free. You'll have the in-depth examples,

you can look at them. But this is gonna give a pretty good summary.

Umm, free to review,

right? So while it's typing it, we can start reading,

okay? Anyway, well,

actually I'm gonna copy and paste it to a new Google Doc so that

I can make it big enough that you read everything here.

So, give me a minute, once this is complete, I will,

uh, I'll go over it with you.

Okay, so we got everything here. So I'm gonna copy it.

I created this one here,

and paste it in. Now,

I'm gonna zoom to 200. Okay.

Unified psychographic research,

the American Business Opportunity Seeker. The American Business Opportunity Seeker,

or Seeker, represents a complex demographic united by a shared desperation to

escape with. They perceive as a fundamentally broken economic system.

They are characterized by four core psychological drivers,

occurring for autonomy, fear of a wasted life,

skepticism of authority, and hope for a secret key to success.

The demographic operates within a powerful corruption narrative,

believing that external forces have deliberately rigged the system against them,

making traditional paths to prosperity really impossible. And so,

since they're the demographic, who is your customer, tribe profile.

The customers are everyday Americans aged 1845 who feel financially constrained

and seek additional income or financial freedom. Nearly 44% of Americans now have some

sort of side hustle, with younger generations lean the way,

60% of Gen Z and 55% of millennials, they come from diverse backgrounds which

are common dissatisfaction with their current financial situation.

Key archetypes. The burnout professional, trapped in soul-sucking day jobs,

seeking to . They escape the corporate cage. Their plan is,

their pain is quite desperation from building someone else's dream.

The under-resourced millennial Gen Z, grappling with stagnant wages,

persistent inflation, significant debt, inflation.

For them, a side hustle is a financial life line rather than a passion

project. The ambitious student youth,

high ambition, but low resources, often college students or teenagers are eager to start

their entrepreneurial journey of facing obstacles. Have a good day.

People close, like, lack of capital or parental disapproval.

Stay home parent, seeking flexibility to balance work with family responsibilities,

community, to combat isolation and personal identity outside their domestic role.

In the fire, financial independence retired early adherent,

the most disciplined archetype focused on systemic long-term financial planning to eliminate the need

for active work altogether. What attitudes they have,

economic attitudes, profound- about. On cynicism and disillusionment of the traditional economic system,

belief that the American dream is a lie for their generation,

feels like I have to make more money just to have less than what

my parents did. Systemic issues of corporate tax cuts in wealth concentration have wiped

out the American Canadian dream for most. I don't know why it has,

I guess it's a quote.

It's difficult to start a new business. 47% feel the federal government does more

to get in the way than help. Dominant political act is personal succession from

the system by building economic sovereignty. Social attitudes can find themselves as

an in-group of enlightened individuals who have seen the truth about the Greek system.

Create dichotomy between themselves in shape or losers can tell about nine to five

jobs. Create a community but are highly selective seeking like minded people who validate

the worldview. I love you. There's a subset of faith driven entrepreneurs.

Entrepreneurs pay more frequently. Faith provides resilience.

Or the hopes and dreams. The core, the core dream,

autonomy and control. Ultimate goal is financial freedom,

not just money but what it buys. Control for time, decisions,

location and destiny. Uhm, I dreamt of owning my own business.

I could feel it in my soul. Specific aspirations,

a great escape, bullied to ditch your job forever. everyone. An escape pushing the

clock for 30 years, building a legacy, ensuring children's essentials covered for the rest

of their lives, the pursuit of purpose, finding meaning and fulfillment,

lacking in current work, the dream of stability. For the financially oppressed,

the simple desire for peace of mind, the dream for me is to put

everything on auto pay and not have to move money around and decide if

I can pay a bill or eat today. Where are the victories and failures?

Well, you know, off to smaller emotions.

The opponent, the first sale, the monumental event,

made the first sale of $39 after a must of struggle, but went up

from small wins, operating by momentum is greater than master plans,

I like that. I hate a target,

achieving specific income goals, no matter how small, achieving organic growth.

A handyman who found word of mouth keeps me completely,

umm, word of mouth keeps me completely booked at least some of the advanced

failures, right? All right. Wasted at spend. Universal pain point with brutal math.

This gets a little bit more technical for the market, so it's interesting.

Information overload. I wasted six months chasing passive income YouTube grinds.

I had 30 notion pages of ideas. Well,

I could clear a strategy. I look at every morning not really knowing what

I should work on. It's a productivity and time management nightmare.

Burnout, hustle and grind left my 24-year-old ass to really burned out.

out. Relationship. My startup moment.

Lifestyle is affecting my marriage. What else do I have forces that I believe

would prevent their best life? The rate economic system,

stagnant wages, relentlessly rising cost of living,

crushing inflation, and escapable student loan debt. Traditional path is no longer a liar

to climb, but a treadmill to run on. It's a great quote.

Gatekeeping gurus. Believe that online business is controlled by a cabal selling overpriced ineffective

courses. The real money is increasing. Convince the people who are young and not

very business savvy that it's a simple, easy thing.

Big tech and algorithms feel powerless against social media algorithms and prohibitively add high

ad platform costs. The government. Also,

culture and machine. Prejudices against nine to five.

They've disdain for traditional employment against normal people.

Settle prejudice against those content of traditional life.

Seen as an, I don't know. Really can sheep. I may be careful with

some of this language. Again, take this off a grain of salt. Um,

against formal education, growing skepticism towards college degrees.

Seen as an expensive path to death. No guarantee of ROI.

Confirmation bias actively seek information. Confirming existing worldview about systems and guru scams.

Some of their core beliefs about life loving family.

Life is a high sex game to be won through acquisition of secret knowledge

over less effort, which we success. We'll soon. Success is defined by escaping the

system to achieve personal and financial sovereignty.

Loving family are the state motivation for this all-consuming struggle that the hustle acquired

often strains these foundational relationships to the breaking point.

Create a tragic paradox. They justify the sacrifice of present connection for the promise

of a secure future. Living that good life is one where they have freedom

to spend time with family and pursue passions. Determined to be the autism or

what off-school society has put their way. All right. Other existing solutions,

okay. Drop shifting till they're marketing, multi-level marketing,

fire, coaching, course creation, freelance service-based businesses,

boring businesses. They have a supporting ecosystem,

right? One second here.

here.

Okay, so, supporting ecosystem, traditional side jobs,

personal finance tools, and debt strategies, courses, coaching,

guru programs, auto-unique hustles.

What has your experience been like? The typical journey arc.

Initial phase, hope and obsession. I dreamed of owning my own business.

I became obsessed with the idea of success and money-making.

Execution phase, overall, my failure. I've been in the drop-screen game for about a

year and a half now. I've never been pro… I'll come burn out

our breakthrough. Fast majority experience, burn out,

small minority achieved breakthrough after mindset shift.

Common experiences, kind of the same idea here.

We decided small wins but don't change,

provide life-changing results. Encounters with scams and disappointments.

I think that's actually interesting interesting thing you can speak to,

and bizah. What do they like about existing?

18 solutions, umm.

Dream of possibility, hoping vision that solutions sell rags to riches stories.

First of all, flexibility and control, autonomous schedules, beer and boss elements,

community support, built-in communities for rank and borrowing motivation,

quick tangible results, immediate feedback, and small wins that show cause and effect,

learning new skills, personal development. A lot of financial goals.

Where they dislike scams, hype, dishonesty, fed up with false promises and misleading income

claims, high costs and losing money,

pay for courses and inventory advertising with little ROI,

complexity and lack of clear results, solutions are more complicated than advertised,

having to bug friends' family, uncomfortable social pressures,

especially at MLMs, instability and hustle grind,

realization that solutions are just another ground without true leverage.

, Are there horror stories about existing solutions?

I'm all in horror stories. I'm all in the story mix and a family,

these women have been completely isolated from all relatives kicked out of PTA meetings

fired from jobs to ask the leave churches. Stories of losing 15,000 plus and

psychological manipulation compared to call tactics. Drop shipping neighbors.

Losing thousands on ineffective ad campaigns, defective products link to angry customers and suspend

the payment accounts, the defective proc nightmare,

viral- product turns out to be junk, affiliate marketing nightmares,

the unpaid commission, companies changing terms,

or deactivated accounts after significant sales generated. Does the market believe existing solutions work?

If not, why? Common faith and target skepticism.

Leave underlying business models or sound, but don't trust most teachers,

gurus. If it works, everyone will be doing it in mentality. Awareness of survivor

bias, flashy success stories are rare exceptions.

The guru, of course, saw a pipeline. available. My suspicion that real money comes

from selling courses, not practicing methods. Payful personal experiences create heavy skepticism.

Core on met need, not seeking another business opportunity,

but a trusted filler. Fill a church to navigate confusing road of options.

One protection from scams more than new opportunities. Curiosity,

unique novel, angels stories. Has someone tried to sell this market's pain points.

The anti-view of your influencers to build brands by exposing.

Let's go. You can buy some other gurus. Promised hard truth.

The other side often become new authority figures.

So in their own honest courses, creates simple cycle or anti-guru becomes next target.

I'm definitely seeing that and it's super annoying. Uh,

the deputy system fully automated systems to solve technological overwhelm creates dependency

and black box is difficult to control, solves immediate challenges,

but prevents learning underlying skill. Historical- So,

okay. Recyndances. Ten sources for our work week sparked digital no bad movement,

some success, but difficult to replicate, communal living,

cooperative economics. Mixed results.

That's kind of what I know that they mean by the experience of you.

Bar networks and alternative currencies. So I might go back to Gemini and kind

of dive into this more like what are they referring to that became interesting.

Is there a conspiratorial story behind why old solutions and-

I think there's

a lot of validity to this, to be honest with you. I mean, it's

interesting for people watching this because a lot of people watch this.

Probably have- Some of you guys probably saw this.

But a lot of you probably have bought this off things. I mean,

you bought my course, right, when you're watching this.

But I'm also pretty careful to not

try to make, like, income claims. Like, I'm not selling copyright as a biz-op,

right? Like, we kind of started doing that with Copic Started Light,

which was, like, you know, a lower cost version of my Copic Started Mastermind

for freelancers. We did in, like, 20,

I guess 2020, 2020-2021 is just 2022.

But I really didn't like it. As soon as I bought out my former

business partner, because I just didn't want to keep doing it. And,

um, we're back to, like, CD Pro, which is just for business owners and

high leverage for people who already,

you know, having results, right? Um,

But, I do feel this way.

Most people who are selling courses kind of,

even ca- honestly, most copyright and gurus. This is a total aside,

but I'll just say it. Like, I think the vast majority,

I mean, I've reviewed most of their copy, you know what I mean?

And, like, most of the time, like, they weren't very good copywriters.

They struggle to get clients. And then, instead of getting better at copy,

they started at a position themselves as, like, a copy-thought leader,

and they put content on X or Facebook or whatever it is.

And, like, It's pretty annoying because,

like, dude, you shouldn't be teaching other people copyrighting.

Like, you don't know how to copyright yourself.

Umm, but, you know,

this is true for all this stuff. And it makes, and by the way,

I mean, it makes sense. Like, even- sorry, I'm tangenting,

but it's fine. Even, like, an e-comm agency, like,

people do, like, e-comm, like, sell, like, e-comm, masterminds and stuff,

or, like, you know, dropshipping stuff. It's a like, yeah, you barely make any

profit. Most e-comm companies might get,

like, a five or ten percent margin, or they lose money, so they might

do, like, a million dollars, or ten million dollars,

or whatever it is, but they make a couple hundred thousand dollars,

if at all. So they take the revenue number, and they go teach other

people how to do it, because it is easier, and you can make more

money, and the margins are, like, ninety percent, depending on how you're doing it.

So I get it. Umm, but I think that is a real belief,

right? Logic, literally nobody was so coarse revealing how they earned money,

that was just create competition. That's such a bullshit scarcity belief,

but I get it. True success is a zero,

zero, some game, and one of some of my secrets,

most definitely not sure you're a motive. Umm,

yeah, and these are worthwhile and interesting, right? Older attempts to solve the problem,

door to door sales, back cleaners,

forward Russians to go- PDS, original MLM model,

which same core challenges us today. Umm,

no-order catalogs, the original drop shipping e-commerce model.

But it's probably interesting stuff you could dive into here, right?

Umm, the hustle on African-American vernacular.

Corruption, powerful nostalgia for more equitable past,

belief in golden age when rules are those are, different in game was fairer.

Single-income could support family in the 1950s and 60s.

Feels like I have to make money just to have less than what my

parents did. College education was affordable.

Past sport of better life. My parents had six kids plus countless family pets,

all on a similar income. I can't even fathom my husband and I having

that amount of wealth. Previous generations were isolated group protective forces that plagued current

generation. Has been recently- Thank you.

Aspirated, permit corporates, corporate and government collusion,

government captured by corporate interests, slashing of taxes,

payable-wide corporations, ongoing series, moved to wealth concentration,

2018 financial crisis, student loan crisis,

inflation, rising household culture. Um,

and I'm skipping a little bit because again, I'm- you can read this stuff

here. What are the forces and what's the reason behind the presence?

Politician is the money, greedy CEOs,

profit-driven education system, greedy financial sector.

Dimensions like European countries have, like,

vacation, don't live to work. And the Amish kind of interesting.

Strategic synthesis. And I'll give some examples and recommendations that the Amish is interesting.

Before I started- That's it guys. Optical drivers, creator autonomy, fear of voice of

life, skepticism of authority, hope for a secret key,

actionable, copyright angles, us for some narrative,

the honest mentor, the smarter-not-harder solution,

the community, voice of customer lexicon.

This is great that did this. It's kind of cool from quad, right?

Um, pain and frustration word is rat race, soul-sucking and paycheck to- paycheck.

Burnout, overwhelmed, stuck, wasted my- Thank so much. When you scam, fake or over

your system, broken and exhausting, hopeful. Financial freedom,

be your emboss, quit my job, side hustle, passive income,

take back control, job free income, time freedom, legacy,

solution and trust words. Step-by-step, blueprint system, no BS,

hard truth, real, authentic community, support, mentor,

game changer. Because you're the conclusion. So,

again, I might go through this for example. I'm curious about the whole,

uh, co-ops and things like that.

Like, the communist socialist thing, whatever that was. So,

I might go look at that real quick and just see. Cause I'm,

uh, I'm curious. I wonder if it came from,

Gemini or what? And again,

there may be interesting,

additional, uh,

things here. So, if I were really doing a biz-op offer right now,

I would, definitely read everything here,

right?

I just wanna get to that thing about,

I wonder if I- if one of those attached to PTA had it, let's

see.

Like, globalization, which doesn't get mentioned,

as much in, uh, that cloud thing.

See, this is kinda interesting here, so I know the- the- the- the text

is smart, hopefully you can read it. We're from China GBT,

there's mail order millions, there's Ponzi,

Tupperware, things like that. There's the franchising boom of the 40s and 50s,

then it talks about Amwayin. Pyramid called Crazes.

Times about co-ops and credit unions, right? In the 1800s and the 1900s,

there's a rise of cooperatives, people pulling resources to achieve financial goals.

Umm, this was about getting rich, but about ordinary folks and proving they're a

lot by question of means. By 1960s, credit unions and co-op instances were fairly

common. It shows this. They were successful in providing cheaper services.

In a sense, the east financial strain. It's a quieter story,

but one could- Thank you. I would an older solution to financial hardship was

community cooperation. Umm,

I saw some older self-help literature. So again, there's some interesting stuff that was

alluded to in the quad summary, but they didn't go as deep.

So this is where I wouldn't be lazy. I would still be intellectually curious,

consistently throughout all of the things we're doing. And go look through here to

see if there's interesting stuff that you could write about,

share about, speak about. . . .

and so on, okay? Umm.

So I'll share that quad summary,

of course.

Yeah, but we had. Umm,

and the last one is golf, and I think honestly, rather than go through

golf, I'm going to just share,

you know, the . . prompts.

I'm also going to share a quad summary of it as well,

and you can go through that in the examples that you'll have. So you'll

have the iSIRM1, the Airbnb arbitrage one,

and you'll have the golf one. You'll have to look through the deep research

from Gemini, from ChagityBT, and then you'll be able to look at the quad

summary that synthesizes,

combines the two. Okay, so hopefully this is helpful.

Hopefully you understand the value of . . doing a psychographic research.

This will kind of take us through the main three segments of our core

research component of R&B-C 2.

Uhm, I'll do the next section.

We'll be on . . . quieting all of it together to create sort

of like a master research brief. Uhm,

and then from there we'll put a new envelope. We'll look at .

. .

adds and copy . . in all these other good things too.

Alright, thank you.