Hey everybody,

David O'Connell here, and today we're going to be talking about performance max ad

campaigns for direct response advertisers.

So, the first thing to be aware of when talking about performance

max ad campaigns is the volume that is available

from them. So, this is a slide from the overview,

uh, module, where we talked about the district distribution of ad spend,

uh, across high spending ad accounts,

well optimized ad accounts.

And we're typically seeing on average about 27% of spend

go to performance max ads. So,

you know, I think that alone tells you it's,

it's a meaningful campaign type to pay attention to.

And it's the second largest campaign type behind demand generation.

Uh, it can drive purchases that are top of funnel and bottom

of funnel. Um,

and, and, uh, really just can be a great boost to performance in your

ad account. So I'm going to talk about how to set these ads up,

how they're served, et cetera. Uh,

so as always, let's start with the context of where will the ads be

shown, who will see the ads, and what is the ad?

So performance max ads are a combination

of everything Google offers in one campaign.

They take all the ad types and all the ad placements,

and then Google uses its own AI-driven targeting to put those ads in front

of the right people. And also to select which of your ads to

put in front of which people. Uh,

Google has a lot of data, which makes it possible for them to do

this effectively. Uh,

so where do the ads show? Uh, it's everywhere,

right? It can show up on Google Search, the Google Display Network,

YouTube, Gmail, uh, Google Maps, Google Discover,

and also Google Shopping,

if you have a product feed.

Uh, I highly recommend, if you sell a physical product, to include your product

feed in your performance maximum. ads.

Uh, you will always see a big boost in performance from your performance max

ads, if you include your shopping feed.

And I would also say, going back to this slide,

within performance max, you can see here,

you know, standard shopping campaigns are about 4% of spend.

But performance max is about 27% of spend.

And of that 27%,

usually we see on physical product accounts,

about half of that performance max spend going specifically to shopping

placements that have been served. So it's a really big

chunk of these campaigns can be driven by the shopping fee.

Again, that's only if you have a physical product. If you don't have a

physical product, you can still run performance max ads.

You'll just be limited to these other placements.

You'll be limited these other placements.

Again, that's you have a physical product. Again,

that's Again, that's only if you

a physical product.

A video watch history. Uh,

so, you know, Google knows if somebody searches for sunglasses today,

then they want to get sunglasses in front of them,

uh, through a lot of the ad impressions today,

and performance maps can,

can do that in a dynamic basis. Uh,

most performance max traffic is for mobile devices,

over 70% of your traffic, uh,

will be mobile. And, uh, and then here is the ad format.

So, like I said, this is everything. So, you,

you can feed your performance max campaigns,

up to 15 image assets, up to 5 videos.

Up to 5 headlines, which are 30 characters.

Also up to 5 long headlines,

which can be 90 characters. Up to 5 descriptions.

Uhh, your business name logo.

It's called action text. Umm.

And then your product feed, as I said,

highly recommend that you include the product feed, uhh,

your product, your shopping feed. Umm,

and then it can automatically include site links and other extensions.

So like I said, you're, it's literally every asset that,

every asset type that Google offers.

Can be loaded into these campaigns.

And usually the more proven assets you upload,

the better performance you're going to see from your performance max campaigns.

And, uh, I say that with a caveat because you don't want to just

go for quantity here. If you have a lot of ads but they're not

very strong ads, that will, of course,

dilute your results. Um,

so you want to bring together as many winning ads as you have and

really feed them into here. And then the other caveat is,

you know, you don't have to use every single.

And format type. Umm, but as many ad format types as you have

strong performing ads for the better results you can get.

Alright, so these are some of the placements for performance max,

right? Like I said, it's YouTube display, search, discover, Gmail, and maps. Uhh, um,

so you upload your ads to Google,

it can show up in any of these formats. And finally,

now that we have this background, how do we create effective performance max ads?

And, uh, you know, this part of the module,

I think is, is very, it's much shorter. More than a lot of the

other modules, because if you've already done what I've outlined in the prior

modules for each campaign type, then you're already in a great place,

you're already prepared to create great performance max ads.

And the reason for that is you basically want to look at,

all your existing campaigns where you've already had success and take the winning ad

assets and upload as many of those winners as possible into a performance max

campaign, set up your targeting signals,

uh, add your shopping feed,

and then let this run. Umm,

so, you know, really highly recommend that you don't start a performance max ads

as your first ad type, uh,

in Google, you want to run the other ad types,

figure out, uh, which your best performing ads are within those campaigns,

and then take the winners, port them over here. Put them together and put

the performance max campaign, and then let it run.

Umm,

and then when you do that, you can get a big boost,

uh, you can grow your campaign pretty substantially.

Uh, you know, as I showed at the start here, you know,

on average, uh, advertisers are seeing.

27% more volume by taking this strategy and pushing all their winners

into performance max. That's it.