So the first thing I wanna start with has

to do with research.

And this is a very, very important step

that unfortunately a lot of people skip.

Now there's, there's two parts to research, right?

There's the research of my client, my business,

my target customer, and then there's the research of, well,

what's my competition doing

and what's happening in the marketplace

that I need to pay attention to?

A lot of people either skip research entirely

or they jump to the ladder, right?

They go and look at all the spy tools,

and we'll talk about that in the next video,

but they skip this step.

And I think this is a huge, huge mistake,

especially if you're an agency.

If you're a independent contractor

and you're running ads for other people,

or maybe it's just, it's your business,

but it's a new business, and you're still really figuring

out who is my customer?

What motivates them, what drives them.

And so what I wanna show you is,

and there, there's a lot of stuff we do here, right?

I'm trying to pack as much as I can into this module.

This is probably the, the one

of the most valuable things I can share with you.

Um, but again, it's not, uh, exhaustive.

I wanna be very clear, right?

There's plenty of other stuff you can do beyond this

to do research, but something we've been doing

with every single client we work with, every single one

of our businesses is

before we spend a dollar on ads, starting

with this deep research prompt that we run,

which essentially goes through, uh, what do we have,

we're up to 83 83 questions that this is gonna run

through in a deep research prompt.

And the initial context of

that prompt is actually pretty basic.

Now, you can obviously make this much deeper if you want.

We've built this specifically for, uh, for audits

and different things we do, where we wanna be able

to rapidly develop this, uh, this output.

So we essentially have the context say, Hey, I need you

to analyze website, X, Y, Z,

conduct comprehensive target

avatar research for this business.

Go to the website, understand the product service,

value proposition, target marketing, pricing,

you need p positioning, yada, yada, yada.

Um, and then kind of here's your mission.

And then we run it through these questions.

These are questions that over the last 15 years of,

of running ads that I know, hey, if I have the answers

to these questions, I'm going

to be in a much better position to create compelling scripts

to compel, uh, create compelling copy, uh, to basically com,

just create a much more compelling

flow from ice cold first view of an ad to red hot buyer.

And so it's gonna run through everything from the basics,

demograph, foundation, pain points,

challenges, goals, motivations.

What's the decision making process look like for them,

you know, communication, behavior, habits.

What are their current, current solutions?

What's the competitive landscape look like?

What are their values and preferences?

You know, how do you validate different things

that they believe psychological triggers, emotional drivers,

um, you know, really big on this stuff.

You know, uh, behavioral economics,

consumer psychology, neuromarketing.

I spent a lot of my time on mastering this

because, again, back to my first video,

if you can understand how people think

and why they make decisions the way they do.

Understanding that most people are illogical, not logical.

They might think they make a decision

because of X, but really they're making

A decision 'cause of y because of the subconscious.

If you can understand that

and what's driving their subconscious decisions

and desires you can make.

Really, really, it is almost like

having cheat codes to marketing.

Uh, you can make very, very high converting ads.

So we have a psychological triggers, emotional drivers.

We have buyer psychology and behavior.

We have kind of their media consumption

and attention patterns, competitive intelligence,

positioning optimization, conversion optimization,

objection handling, resistance handling.

Um, you know, how do we build

lifetime value relationship building?

'cause remember, it's not just about

how do I get that first sale?

It's about how do I turn

that first time customer into a second, third, fourth,

fifth time customer and build the value so I can afford

to pay more to acquire that customer.

Then we have test optimization insights,

advanced segmentations, um, usage and success patterns.

So we're gonna take this entire prompt,

and I like to run this actually through,

uh, multiple models.

So we'll run this through claw deep research.

We run it through Gemini Deep Research.

We'll run it through grok, run it through perplexity.

So here's an example of just

one we've done through an audit.

And again, we're gonna run this through different models.

And the reason we run this through different models,

because each one is going to be able

to pull from some different data sources.

So for example, grok is gonna pull a lot

of stuff from Twitter, right?

From all the, the content X, which will be different than

what Google does with Gemini,

and different than what Perplexity does

and what Anthropic does with Claude, what's interesting,

and we've run a lot of these,

is they all basically end up on the same person.

So no matter what you do, all the models kind

of hone in on the exact same person with very,

very similar traits and qualities and demographics,

but they're gonna give you different perspectives on how

to talk to that person, which is really valuable to get

that kind of diverse insight.

So you're gonna run that prompt. You're gonna get the

really, really valuable feedback.

And again, you look at like a Gemini, it's gonna give you,

you know, this is 46 pages of research,

and again, some of this stuff will be pretty basic of just,

you know, what's their family status,

what's their job title, what's their core pain?

Cool, that's great. It's good to have,

but then it gets a lot deeper.

And then we're going to things like, you know, what are kind

of that, that pain point solution mapping of kind of,

in their words, what are they saying on a daily

basis for this business?

It's a kind of self-talk, uh, app.

So it's, I replay the same mistake, uh,

I make at work over and over again.

I know I should apply for

that promotion, but I just feel frozen.

And then what's the struggle, right?

It's fear of failure, imposter syndrome.

What's the failed solution?

You know, reading a booking confidence,

attending a one-off motivational center,

what's this business's solution?

You know, it's building a core subconscious belief in one's

own confidence and right to succeed.

What are the key components of that?

So you're getting these really, really useful mapping there,

and this just goes deeper and deeper and deeper.

And there's so much stuff in here.

I'm not gonna go through all this, just not relevant to you,

but it's, it's a gold mine in terms of just content.

And I may be asking, well, what do I do with this?

How does this then turn into better TikTok ads,

better ads in general?

Well, when we, then we take basically all of that,

and this is for an actual client of ours,

and this kind of moves into

A much more robust plan

where this is actually being broken out into kind

of what's their, you know, pain matrix, what are their,

their core wounds.

Everything is getting scored.

And this is a combination of using AI for that deep research

and then also manually going through all that deep research

and really pulling all these, these gems out, right?

Really understanding, you know,

if here's our deep buyer profile,

here's the demographic, here's the problem.

You know, here's just different angles,

here's different concepts

and ideas that we can really build off of

for, for this individual.

And so we're able to take this

and build really, really compelling stories,

really compelling angles,

and then from those angles, we can turn those into scripts,

we can turn 'em into shot lists,

we can actually turn them into ads.

But it all starts with this, it all starts

with understanding who that person is

and what drives everything they do.

And then kind of a final step here is whatever your AI tool

of choice is, whether it's chat, whether it's clawed,

whether it's Gemini, whatever it might be.

Um, you know, I'm a big, uh, anthropic fan, so I like

to use Claw for a lot of stuff.

You want to have projects for all

of your clients, for all of your businesses.

And then within that, you're gonna put all of this, right?

So this is an example for one of the clients,

and this is more of a general one, not, or add one,

but just can't share too much stuff with you guys for,

for clients, just for, for, you know, uh,

different agreements we have with them.

But I wanna share as much as I can.

And so like this, this document here is that document

that I just showed with you right there.

And so this now has all of this research, all

of this information about, uh, this product, this offer,

this customer, everything about the customer goals, drivers,

pains, desires, motivations, psychological triggers.

And so when I, when I come in here

and I wanna come up with, you know, brainstorming come with,

with video ideas and ad ideas and scripts

and all that good stuff, it's using this

wealth of knowledge here.

So I'm no longer starting at zero

where most people start making wild guesses.

I'm starting at the 20, 30, 40 yard line

because I have all this insight to build off of.

So really important here, I want to start this video off

with this because again,

I think too many people skip this step.

And it's why their a suck,

because they don't know who they're talking to.

They don't know how to talk to that person.

They dunno how to grab the person's

attention, what drives them.

So if you can actually just kind of pump the brakes, start

where you should start, it's

gonna make everything else you do.

And we're gonna talk about the rest of this

video and this module.

Much, much easier.