Okay, and now we're going to do,

I'm, it's fine, I'm doing these in a row and then I'll go back

and do long form examples in a row. It's easier for me that way.

We'll do the quick, like, short VSL examples,

uhm, you know, kind of really the video ads at this point.

Uhm,

and, the one thing we won't do is all

UGC stuff because we'll save that for the Facebook ads section.

Uhm, but,

one thing I was, this was the three to seven minute VSL generator.

We hit that hook and we're like, hey, make it into a short ad.

It did it.

But, of course, we also have our short VSL generator,

too. So, there's a couple things you could do here,

like, right? It's got the examples.

Here's what's cool. Remember, it's got the examples in there. So,

I mean,

uhm, Italian ice,

okay, I forgot. I'm recording.

Whatever. All right,

so one thing is like this, okay, like, uhm,

help me come up with ten short VSL concepts

for,

sort of cost cuts to the internet, right? So I can literally do this

with this project, which is literally just short VSL,

you know, video ad examples. Uhm,

for...

uhm,

product, extend this to shop. Okay,

so this is, why would we do this this way? This would be more

like ads to me than VSLs in a way. It really gets to intertwine.

But I just want to show you, well,

you know, the internet I can literally just tell it, hey, do this,

right? Which is pretty nice. I'm gonna pause to get my ice

cream up, I already did CASFS.

So really, it's gonna come back down to, like, the hook a lot,

and This is kind

of interesting,

your makeup artist can tell your real age,

uh, your real age just by looking at your eyes and it's not because

of wrinkles. So

they

kind of do different levels of awareness, right,

uhm, let's do, great,

uh,

number five, sorry,

here's one. Watch me eat another bite of my ice cream,

Italian ice treat. Okay, your makeup artist

can tell your real age

just by looking at your

eyes. Most women think dark circles and puffiness

are just a part of being older. True is much more specific than that.

Tells us what has happened when something breaks down deep inside your skin,

and no amount of concealer or eye cream or expensive treatment.

Now this is a good time to talk about the DEJ, because again,

that's what the current website talks about. Okay,

your makeup artist can tell your real age just by looking at your eyes,

and it's not because of wrinkles. Now, your makeup artist is a little bit

weird. I mean, like, makeup art- here's why makeup artists can.

Let's change the hook to be,

here's why makeup artists can,

versus your makeup artist. Makeup artist.

It's not like everyone has a makeup artist.

Okay. Most people think dark circles and puffiness are just part of getting older,

but the truth is much more specific than that. These tell-tale signs happen when

something breaks down deep inside your skin, and no amount of concealer,

eye cream, or inexpensive treatments can fix it if you don't understand what's really

going on. See, dark circles aren't really about being tired,

and those puffy eye bags aren't about drinking too much water before bed.

They happen when blood vessels become visible through your skin because the layers of

your skin are literally separated from each other. The separation occurs at something called

the dermal-epidermal junction, the crucial area where your skin layers meet and stay connected.

When you're young, this junction is strong and tight. Your skin layers work together

seamlessly, but as we age, these vital connections start to break down.

The layers begin to separate, especially around your delicate eye area.

Once this separation starts,

everything goes downhill fast. Blood vessels that were once hidden become visible through

thinning skin. Hello, dark circles. Fluid starts to accumulate in spaces that shouldn't exist.

Welcome to puffy eye bags. Your skin loses its structural support and begins to

collapse inward, and now you've got crows feet and wrinkles.

This is why surface treatments don't work. They're trying to fix the symptoms while

ignoring the actual problem happening deep inside of your skin structure.

But if they're a way to target your skin, they're this exact problem at

its source. Unity, ICER, and PETRA is deep to support the dermal-epidermal junction with

clinically proven ingredients that actually strengthen these crucial connections.

The star ingredient is pistachio lenticest extract,

which, you know, basically helps. This stuff has six,

just one of six breakthrough ingredients working together. Talks about dipalmitoyl hydroxyproline,

sodium hyaluronate, social proof.

Elizabeth, Carol,

so it's kind of, you know. Instead of covering up your age with makeup

tricks and concealer, imagine actually reversing structural problems to make your eyes look older.

Picture waking up and seeing bright, smooth, youthful eyes looking back at you in

the mirror. No more strategically applying concealer.

No more avoiding close-up photos. No more people guessing your age just by looking

at your eyes. Unity, ICER works in all of all three major eye aging

signs at once, smoothing crow's feet, lifting eye bags,

and brightening dark circles because it targets the root cause where all,

they all begin. Don't let your eyes reveal your age anymore.

Right now, Unity, ICER is available with free shipping and a 180-day money-back guarantee.

It's a full six months to see the transformation for yourself completely risk-free.

Plus, they're offering up to 62% off your first order,

but only for a limited time. Click the button below to shop now and

start supporting the Dermal Up with Dermal Injunction today.

Your future self will thank you. Okay,

that's cool. Also, I'm playing around with

a new mechanism which is included in this brief

I'm attaching. I'd like to see another of

this ad that keeps everything else up.

It's the same, but the change mentioned above

and it also modified for UMP, UMS in the brief. So,

I think this

is just a

I know I still wrote a 3 minute plus one, but that's fine, okay?

Let's see this version. I'm gonna pause it while I erase it real quick.

Okay, so it's revising this. I'm able to scroll.

It's crazy. Okay,

so now, here's why makeup artists can tell your real age just by looking

at your eyes, and it's not because of wrinkles. Of course,

it doesn't really explain why makeup artists can know,

but, It

kind of works in this new mechanism, think about, of young skin,

like, high-quality fabric, with a perfectly tight over-the-nose weave,

with a collagen thing. Thread is in its proper place, working together to create

smooth, strong, beautiful skin. As we age,

something far more devastating occurs than simple collagen loss.

These collagen threads don't just

disappear, they become loose, tangled, and lose their organic structure.

It's called collagen architecture breakdown, and it begins at the dermal-epidermal junction,

where your skin layers meet. So,

like, basically, similar ad,

now it's incorporating that UV light. Okay,

so, I'm going to take this

one, this is number two,

put it here, I'm also going take.

Sorry, I keep doing the wrong thing. This

one, which had your makeup artist,

but it's fine. For this one,

I would still change that first line. So

the difference here, is like, I'll put it DG mechanism.

And, park texture mechanism.

And,

of course, I can, hey, do a 2 minute one, 3 minute one, whatever

it is.

I can also do the same thing we saw before. I can just upload

the brief. I don't know why it

won't build. Let's try it again. Brief.

Let's do, uh,

please give me 5 2 minute

VSL.

So, concepts. 2 minutes maximum

each, don't have to come from Flora,

and some of what's in the brief

will make it into these VSLs

since they'll be short. Okay,

again, I think we're really having the hook, or having a bunch of hooks

in place is, like, a solid start, but,

like, just for fun. Again, the problem is the hooks are just a little

bit generic, This

is similar to that department store mistake, but let's do this one for fun,

okay? Because this is really, like, the key, is having good hooks.

Let's be done, blah, blah, blah. Thanks. Let's actually use this hook I came

up with earlier. Go

ahead and write it now. Okay,

that's gonna write it. I'm gonna eat more Italian ice gelato.

This

one's

selling

it. Okay, thanks to another version

where the CTA is too quick, uh, to, I'll just say up to 57%

but we don't reveal the

prices. And

then we can do one that's like, alright, cool, how about one that sells,

Sorry,

I'm supposed to be asking, one that sells like a solution.

Alright,

cool. Thanks. One more version for this one.

Let's have the CCAB to go watch the

presentation that,

uhm, Dr. Schilling has put together.

Reveals, you know,

that explains everything for this one.

Let's not talk about the product specifically.

Instead, tease a brief. All I want you to see is how you can

take that same ad, have a bunch of versions of it,

that you could also be testing. This

is kind of all be the same.

After

showing the defi, the real corporate. Testimonials,

you see results.

Special presentation reveals,

What's going on, no discovery of overuse, inexpensive algorithms fail,

hidden cause, breakthrough approach, critical proof,

hard access to breakthrough. Only available for a limited time,

staircase career, balance of,

you know. Really cool. So it's great.

And again, you can do this ad nauseum, different hooks.

That's why it kind of the hooks is so important. Why I had that

training on the hooks generation. Um,

cause like that's really how you can generate endless ads and things.

Right. So there you go.

I'll put all these in a folder, all these scripts, conversations,

you have them and yeah.