Okay, so we did the research on the actual customer,

the actual avatar research.

Now let's talk about doing the actual creative research.

So looking at what's working on TikTok

as a platform right now,

and again, I wanna, um,

preface this video just like I did in the first video

of this module by saying, these are tools that are useful

for every ad channel you're running on, right?

To be able to do this type of creative research,

competitor research,

and understanding what's working on TikTok as a platform,

A lot of these strategies, a lot of these video formats

and frameworks and all that good stuff can be used

for your Facebook, Instagram, YouTube,

short ads, whatever you're running, right?

So I always wanna preface those videos with that.

Now, there's two tools that I really like to, uh,

to use here when it comes to doing research.

One is significantly more powerful,

but one I also really like, it's, uh, relatively newer,

little more kind of bare bones,

but has a lot of good stuff as well.

So, uh, we have callo data and we have the daily virals.

So Callo data is kind of the, uh, the,

the gorilla, right in the room.

They have all the features, all the tools, there's a lot

of great stuff on here, right?

And this is transcends just kind

of the added video research.

And if you're running and have a TikTok shop stuff on

TikTok, or even now they have Amazon, they have other,

other e-commerce platforms, ratting,

this is a wealth of knowledge, right?

You can come in here and do competitor research,

category research, shop research, creator research,

product research, a lot of great stuff, live shopping,

but we're gonna focus just on this video

and ad section in here.

So, uh, a lot of great stuff, right?

So basically I can come in here

and I can see not only

what are the best performing videos in terms of items sold,

revenue, uh, CPA, uh, roas, all these different metrics,

but I can break it down by category.

I can search for individual brands.

I can break it down by, you know, ad versus organic by,

you know, the creators following lots of good stuff.

So within here though, I can come in

and see, okay, the last 30 days,

this is the number one performing, uh, video, right?

So this has, what,

15,000 items been sold over half a million dollars in GMV.

Here's the total number of views.

Here's, you know, kind of other metrics, right?

So CPA ad view ratio,

predicted ad spend, roas, all that good stuff.

Now, it's important to look at a few

things when you're looking at these videos.

One is looking at trends. Okay?

So you can see in here, well, revenue

trend over the last 30 days.

Now this is important to also understand, did this ad

or this video perform well

because of some spike in virality?

Did it perform well? Because it's actually a

really, really good ad.

It, it's important to distinguish those things.

I've seen people come into the platform and look

and say, oh, this video did a million dollars GMV last 30

days, so I'm gonna copy it word for word and,

and shot for shot.

And it's like, well, it did all that GMV

because it's a mega, mega influencer,

And it got this spike in virality

because it played on a current event spike.

There's all these variables that go into it.

So it's important to look for, you know,

if I'm gonna do research on a video and, and,

and copy it, right?

Or create my own version of it,

I wanna make sure I'm not copying videos that's like, Hey,

it just had this one massive spike and then flatlined again,

or it, you know, pop 30 days ago,

but it's done nothing for 30 days, right?

I wanna look at these trends. What I also wanna do is make

sure I'm not just looking at, uh, ads

where almost all the revenue came from the organic side

of it, not the paid side of it.

And so over here on the filters, I can actually look at,

okay, ad view ratio.

So percent of essentially views

that came from the ad side versus the organic side.

So I can put kind of a minimum there if I want.

I also wanna make sure I'm not just looking at massive

craters that like any video they put out's gonna do,

you know, six figures in GMV.

So I can look at, hey, I wanna look at creators

with less than 50,000 followers.

I wanna look at, um, you know, uh, videos

that at least, you know, half of the views came from paid.

So I can put these different filters in here

and click submit, and now it's gonna give a much better

picture of, okay, these are videos that likely did well

because they're actually good ads

that I'm gonna have a higher chance to be successful

with than if I just copied something and it did well

because it's a big creator.

Or it got, like I said, a big spike due

to some virality on the organic side

and actually might not be doing well on the paid side.

So, always important you're using these tools

to look at it through that lens.

I see, again, a lot of people jump at these tools,

they just don't do any filtering, don't do any searching.

They grab a video that's number one,

and they copy it and it bombs.

And that's why. But again, when I come in here,

I can really, really dive deep, right?

So again, you won't put your category in here,

so whatever industry you're in, um, try to get as granular

as you can while still having enough data.

You don't wanna go too granular

where there's like 10 videos,

because that's not really helpful,

especially if they're all bombs.

So you want to try to find that sweet spot of

a specific enough category that's, it's very relevant

to my business, but also there's enough data

to make some meaningful decisions off of.

Once I'm in there, I can click into any of these ads

and I'm gonna get a wealth of knowledge, right?

I'm gonna see, again, I can obviously just watch the video.

We're gonna do that first, obviously, right?

We're gonna watch it, we're gonna take notes.

How is it opening? Um, both in terms of what is being said

visually, what's happening, text overlays, the style,

the format is POV, is it, you know,

first person, is it third person?

Is it multiple people? Is it a long video?

Is it a short video? I'm gonna take notes

of all these different things, right?

The, the tone, the style, the speed.

Is it very raw, organic? Is it using humor? Is it serious?

All those things are very, very important for me.

Um, I'm also gonna look at, you know,

core metrics here, right?

So, you know, looking at views, looking at sold,

looking at revenue, looking at kind of follower growth,

predicted kind of what was the ad spend, ad revenue,

the RO ads, all that stuff from here.

I can also then get, um, you know, similar videos.

So I create this kind of, uh, this rabbit hole if you will,

where once I find one good ad, I can kind

of be brought down the rabbit hole to other good ads

and really build out a, a much more robust kind

of research profile there.

So this is Cali data.

Again, you can also, um,

download the script, which is really helpful.

Going back to that earlier video we did where we're building

that project file out in clawed

or chat GBT, if I can also now include viral

winning scripts in there.

Specifically if I project for ad ideas

and ad scripting, it's gonna help me create scripts

and hooks and ideas really rapidly.

So I wanna be taking some of this data

and putting it into a quad

or into a chat to kind of fuel those learnings

and get better output when I'm actually prompting in there.

And then we have the daily virals.

And the daily virals is another really cool tool.

This again, is gonna show me it's very similar

to calla data, just less features.

But within here I can see here's the most viral

content on a specific day.

I can filter by a specific product.

I have, um, filters up here in terms of when it was posted.

So was it posted yesterday?

Was it posted three days ago, five days ago? Any timeframe?

For our purposes, we wanna focus on the paid ads,

so I'm gonna make sure it's paid ads instead of just all.

I can also filter by gender.

I can sort by, you know, total views, view, growth, likes,

comments, and then language.

Okay? And then within here I have all the videos

and I'm gonna do very, very similar, uh, activity

that I just did with call that I'm gonna come in

and I'm going to watch those videos.

What are the most viral videos on

the platform doing right now?

Right? Again, looking for commonalities, length, style,

pacing, tone, the, the type of person in the video, right?

What is that video is a person wearing, right?

In this video, for example, it's, it's a family.

It's, you know, uh, you know, casual.

It's opening with humor.

It's in the kitchen, it's raw, there's no text overlays.

Like these are all things I'm just taking notes of

and I'm looking for patterns.

I'm looking for trends.

So when it comes time to actually developing my scripts,

my angles, my ideas, I now have a, a lens

to look at everything through.

So again, when it comes to research, callow data

and daily virals are two tools that are go-tos for mine.

There's a lot of other tools out there, by the way.

There's fast moss,

there's tools like foreplay, all great stuff out there.

And, and, and I like a lot of them and we use a lot of them,

but I just wanted to share kind of two ones

that we use a lot of right here.

Um, and uh,

and give you a little inspiration on that side of things.