Alright,

so let's just look at short VSLs real quick,

and we'll do the Airbnb example again. I mean,

at this point here, you've got a lot of different options, right?

It's kind of like, what are you trying to do with your short VSL?

Is it just to get someone to watch the longer presentation,

or is it to get them to go right to a book a call?

To get them to go right to book a call, you could always just

take one of the videos. If of VSL options you did already,

for example, you've got the long one and the short one, hey,

make a two-minute version of this, uh,

that, you know, call to action to go apply to book a call.

So, let's, like, do that real quick, right?

Let's say, Yeah,

please.

I mean,

honestly,

you don't even need to use this in a cloud project, but you could,

Please make a two-minute version of this,

um, with the CTA2 call.

Hopefully, it just does a good job. Let's find out. Okay? It should be

fascinating to you.

work ethic or intelligence. You don't have an income gap problem.

You have an asset gap problem. You've been trying to solve an asset gap

problem with income gap solutions. That's why everything has failed.

Meh.

It's a little bit like what, but it's kind of interesting. Um, um, Marcus

went through this. You know,

you're probably like I was. You're working harder. Here's the truth.

Wealthy don't get rich from bigger paychecks. They get rich by accumulating assets,

but the system makes it impossible for regular people to earn access to these

wealth-building assets. Want real estate?

That's where the asset control method. Instead of buying properties with huge down payments,

you gain control. Cash-flowing assets through strategic partnerships with property owners.

Find landlords. You know,

do this. 18 months,

I did, I built this, uh, here. I built a portfolio.

It's not another side hustle. You're building a portfolio of assets that generate cash

flow, whether you're working or sleeping. Create a family.

Create a training where you break it down. You'll get this hidden gem market

analysis. I do these trainings a few times a year.

Limited spots, right? Cool.

Frankly, it's good. You can run that. And then,

going back to the hooks. Nice,

thanks. Now, let's do a version that opens with this

hook. Hopefully it does it correctly

and I didn't do something

weird.

Cool, right? Good hook. Bam, boom,

thank you ma'am. There we go. Did it actually say the sign?

Great. Okay, so,

easy peasy. If you

didn't have an existing VSL already,

even though now you know how to write one really quickly,

but you did have your brief, you could also Boom.

Upload the brief.

Let's see,

did I do it?

Sorry, one second.

There's a brief for an Airbnb,

and there's a new Spacer coaching program.

Let's do five short VSLs

that are two minutes each.

the CTA to book a call.

Here are the hooks I

want to use. That one.

Uhm, let's build a real estate investment that requires six figures.

This call will start in five

or three thousand. I think that's a good one. Build number two.

Select the birthday. I have to ask my boss for permission for my birthday.

Alright,

sorry man, the doorbell rings. I've gone crazy. I forgot this hook,

this hook, this hook. So that's three.

I mean, why?

Because a lot of people know they have shiny object syndrome.

So it's kind of home.

What

if your rent income could be generating income for you?

Or rent payment could be generating income for you. It's kind of interesting as

well. Alright, so I gave it five hooks.

It's got the brief. I

didn't put the product, the market awareness thing here.

I'm gonna put it, you know what? Uhm,

these five-minute VSLs will be going

mostly to problem-aware people.

Uh,

let's focus most on, Okay,

alright.

Most people work 40 years to afford retirement,

but this strategy works for 40 weeks. Here's what I mean by that.

Traditional path says save 10% of your paycheck, invest in the next funds,

and maybe, if you're lucky, you'll have enough to retire at 65. But here's

the power of that plan. As soon as you're income will keep up with

inflation, the market won't crash when you need it,

and you'll actually live long enough to enjoy it. Meanwhile,

uh, alright, they're doing them one at a time.

I hope I can see this one while I'm doing that.

Um,

meanwhile, there's a completely different approach that wealthy people have been using for decades,

subsidizing money from your paycheck to control cash flowing assets.

Let me show you what I mean. My student Sarah was a teacher making

$42,000 a year. She followed the traditional advice,

saved every penny, lived on ramen. Oh my gosh, this is so annoying. Uh,

let's just wait until we're done,

I guess. So,

sorry, I'll pause and I'll come back so you don't have to deal with

it, keep it, continue to interrupt. Alright,

so I think it's done of all these now, so I can actually have

one again. Okay,

so Sarah. After eight years, she had made $35,000,

saved up, at that rate she'd need to work another 30 years to have

enough to retire, then she discovered what I call the asset control method,

instead of buying properties which require $8,000 down payment she didn't have,

Sarah learned how to gain operational control of cash flow and rental properties without

owning them, here's how it works. Okay,

so to explain how it works, she secured her first property for just $4,500,

then 30 days was during $3,200,

guys. $4,500 monthly passive income, that's more than she was saving in an entire

year following the traditional path. Within 40 weeks,

Sarah built a portfolio generating $8,500 monthly passive income,

enough to completely replace her teaching and salary,

the difference is that instead of trading time for money and hoping it compounds

over 40 years, she was controlling assets and made money while she slept.

She still teaches because she wants to, not because she has to,

not saying it's easy, All right.

Okay, looks good, right? I hope I see a free strategy session,

blah, blah, blah. ESL2, let's just look at the hook,

kind of. Most people think real estate investing requires six figures.

This couple started with $3,000. Meet Jake and Lisa.

Two years ago, they were drowning in student loan debt, living paycheck to paycheck,

watching everyone around them buy houses they could never afford.

Try all this stuff. Basically,

it's like, yeah. I'll show it to you so you can go through them,

but the point is, I don't think I need to read out the copy

for everything. For long form, it's important, because you gotta see how I edit

and change it. But, like, even

that's pretty brief on the long form.

I'll

probably combine them into one thing. That one's good.

I like the hook,

right? The idea of,

like, what if your rent

payment could be generating

income for you. I'd say instead of going to someone else's pocket,

probably that's one thing I would edit.

Hook, but let's do it like this.

generating

income for you instead of lining someone

else's pocket. That's

one thing I would change with that one.

And they think it's better, right? It's more commercially charged.

Okay, so I'll share these with you as well. I didn't do 3 to

7 because honestly, I feel like, you know, you know what to do at

this point. If you watch the UBI Serm 1,

the cloud project setup, I mean, it's really just dealer's choice.

And we'll talk about it in a training,

you know, about sort of like how to pick the right funnel flow.

And there's a whole little matrix that's going to help you a lot. But

yeah, I think it's good. I mean, I'm, you know, going to do the

long and medium form one with blood sugar probably,

maybe short as well. I don't know yet. But,

uhm. At this point, you should have a pretty good grasp of everything on

VSLs and beyond. Alright, thanks.