Alright, so what we're gonna do here is do a really quick,

short VSL examples for BloodSugar.

It's honestly gonna be basically identical to the 3-7 minute ones.

In fact, frankly, give me a minute.

Like, literally, we're just gonna do the same thing.

Here's a brief for a,

let's say, you know, 1 minute, 30 second video,

we'll go to VSL. CT of you will be able to watch the full

presentation. Here's the following of the hook.

Literally the same thing, we're just gonna upload the,

uh,

brief again. Okay,

stop drinking coffee until you see what it's really doing to your blood sugar.

If you're a diabetic or periodic diabetic,

that morning cup of coffee isn't just giving away, giving you energy,

it's probably sabotaging your glucose levels all day long.

Most people have no idea that coffee triggers a stress hormone called cortisol,

which signals your liver to dump stored glucose directly into your bloodstream.

I'm Dr. Abort. I'm board certified endocrinologist who's treated over 10,000 diabetic patients in

my 18 year career. Here's what shocked me. Even decaf coffee can spike blood

sugar because it's not that caffeine is the problem,

it's how coffee disrupts things called your cellular glucose stores.

You see, your cells have tiny protein channels called GLUT4 transporters that act like

microscopic doors allowing glucose to enter where it belongs,

but coffee creates inflammation that makes these doors rust and get stuck.

That's why I spent months researching an ancient Himalayan race preparation ritual.

I had to say, you know, uh,

I defined this call like an ancient Himalayan race ritual that actually repairs these

cellular glucose stores in just 30 seconds a day. People in this region have

been using a specific golden spice with their rice for centuries.

They have virtually no diabetes despite eating high carb diets.

When you fix these broken cellular doors, your blood sugar can finally normalize.

Naturally, with Vial14, your system You Vial14's system of four medications,

just as a free presentation regarding the 30 second blood sugar reset ritual and

the exact golden spice that's helping thousands of my patients, click below to watch

this free presentation before it's taken down. Okay?

Like I said, outline, but basically just wrote it.

Here are the edits I want to make.

Say,

that's

why I spent months

researching ancient Himalayan, uh.

And

it's

the right stack in the VSL. I do Let's

say, About to

merge here.

This is,

Let

me say, Big

natural health guy. This is what I was supposed to say,

I never would have expected. So

it should be right here. So give me the outline,

but realistic. Basically, this is just basically the VSL,

right? Let's see what happens here.

Cool, go ahead, write the ad,

please. That should basically be the same as what we saw.

And if I don't like it, I can always just use this. Made me

think about this, because I already did write the ad. I mean,

yeah, it's basically the same thing. But it's cool. Alright,

great, good job. Oh,

your

sleep

apnea

is making

diabetes impossible to control. That's kind of interesting.

Okay, great. Let's,

Another

version of this ad with a new hook.

The hook will be,

uhm,

The rest of

the ad from this point on can basically stay the same.

Also, sort of sleep apnea, you're afraid about it, you can't win because the

renegative disruptive sleep is sabotaging your blood sugar control.

Most people don't realize that sleep apnea creates a vicious cycle,

the inactive breathing spikes stress hormones, the cortisol,

which floods your system with glucose all night long. Then you wake up with

elevated blood sugar, it stays high all day. Hey,

I'm a doctor, here's what shocked me. If you get your sleep apnea treated

with a sleep apnea machine, your blood sugar can still remain stubborn because the

real problem isn't just sleep disruption, it's how chronic sleep apnea damage is caused.

You can just do C. Glucose stores. I'm going to explain some everything else,

right? So same as in the three to seven minute video,

you can kind of see how you can just basically do it.

So then of course, we got a cool. And I'm gonna do more structures.

I mean, you can just do endless, endless endless ads. So hopefully you are

able to see that and understand. You can also see how I give feedback

to get better outputs. So I think we're good.

I don't think this has to be a super long one. Let's just stop

here. Thank you.