All right, let's get into the, uh, the fun stuff here,

which is actually producing the ads.

Now, uh, what we're gonna do in the kind of the, the rest

of this module is one, we're gonna talk about some,

some cool tools and how

that really accelerates the, the pace of testing.

We'll talk about some, uh,

some general kind of creative testing framework.

And then we'll also break down just some really,

really great TikTok kind of short form video ads

and talk about what's, uh,

what's going really well with them.

So, first thing in this video, let's talk about A IGC.

Now, this is really exciting to me

because we just spent the first part

of the module talking about the research,

understanding the customer,

understanding the competitive landscape,

understanding the avatar, understanding what's

working already on the platform.

One of the biggest challenges that people have when it comes

to just running ads in general,

but specifically running ads on platforms like TikTok,

is the creative, how do I make enough creative,

good enough creative to,

to feed the beast, to feed the machine?

'cause that is the, the trend, right?

The where everything is going right now

in the paid media landscape is you need to be able

to fuel the machine.

A lot of the, the kind of the day-to-day media buying tasks,

running ads are being more and more and more automated.

There were largest on high quality, high volume data

and feeding lots of creatives.

So you need to get good at those things.

Now, on the creative side, I'll show a few cool tools here

that, that I really like.

And, uh, and I think, you know, they're, they're not perfect

yet, but they're moving so fast in that direction

that getting good at them today is gonna put you in a really

good spot for tomorrow.

So the first is Google's VO three model.

So, uh, Google's their, uh, AI product

has a new video model that came out recently.

And this video model, by the time you even watch a video,

it could be even better, right?

It's, it's evolving so fast,

but it allows you to create eight second clips

that are hyperrealistic that look

and feel just like a real person.

So here's, here's an example of just really quick kind

of vlog style creator video.

So what you can do now, which is really cool, is

with a basic text prompt,

I can create a totally fictitious influencer

that's doing a vlog style video, selfie style video,

talking about a product, right?

This is for a, a client, a lead that we basically,

we do this every one of our leads now

'cause we can create these so fast just

to show them potential of this technology

and what our, what our team can do.

And so, uh, this is a, a gummy company that helps us sleep.

So cool. Here's an influencer getting outta bed.

She steals eye shades on her head, walking to the kitchen,

talking about this amazing night's sleep she had, right?

You can do interview kind of side

by side interview style videos.

You can do podcast style videos.

The, the kind of potential here is,

is limitless breaking new style videos.

Um, you know, in the car style videos I wanna show you,

this is a, a clip we made from one of our,

our companies in the political space

for kind of going to 4th of July.

And so I can make individual scenes in here

and connect those scenes to make a finished video.

'cause one of the limitations with VO three is

that they're eight second videos.

Um, but again, I can come in here, put in the chat,

make sure I'm using the, the VO three model.

And there's two places by the way that you can do this.

One is within the kind of just

standard Google Gemini chat interface,

which is just like chat GT, but Google's version.

The other is this more advanced, uh, labs.google, uh, setup

where they have a flow, which is this kind of visual editor

where you can do just more advanced stuff.

This is running off your actual API credits.

Um, or actually your credits that you have within this,

this isn't through the API, this is through the platform,

but it's the same number of credits you would use for API.

So I basically said, Hey,

I wanna create a really scroll stopping video

for multi-channel for one of our businesses on short form.

And so I had this idea of this, you know,

let's do this vlog style following this influencer

through the Revolutionary War, right?

And so I'll just show you these clips really quick.

So that's the, the intro there.

Then we have him going to, um,

and again, some of these things are not perfect.

So they take multiple attempts, him crossing the Delaware,

you see the got water on the lens.

Then we have him, they cross the Delaware now they won the,

the war

them celebrating.

And then we have the, uh, the soldier at the end

of the war buying from our website to celebrate

For Pete.

So what I really like about VO specifically is two things.

One, it is a great tool for, uh, you can create really,

really unlimited imagination.

Scroll stopping creative, right?

So whereas if I wanted to shoot a video

with some really scroll stopping idea,

scroll stopping meaning getting somebody to stop swiping,

watch my video, which is so critical,

that first three seconds, I had

limitations prior to this, right?

If I wanna do something crazy, I need to go, you know,

find a creator willing to do something crazy.

I need to, you know, shoot it a lot of, a lot of challenges,

or I need some type of, you know,

Hollywood CGI guy with this.

Now I can say, Hey, I wanna have a, uh,

a kid fighting the Revolutionary War with frostbite,

you know, frostbitten feet opening the video

with his musket inside.

I can just type that and make it if I want to do a, um,

you know, a Sasquatch out there.

I'm sure you guys have seen videos of Sasquatch and aliens

and all these viral videos or the, you know,

a hundred men versus gorilla.

It's a of, of gorilla vlogging his

battles over the period of a week.

I can just type that. So what's crazy

and cool about this now is the only limit to

what I can produce is really my imagination.

The technology's gotten so good, it's just gonna get better

and better and better, that I can output the most scroll,

stopping, hyper engaging, entertaining stuff

because I had no limitations when it comes to this stuff.

So we really, really like VO three for that purpose.

Also, it's a great way to quickly test concepts

and test angles.

'cause again, it's not gonna be perfect, but

what I can do is I can quickly test, uh, test a, an angle.

I can test a, a scroll stopping hook.

I can test these different things

and then I can have an actual crater make it.

Then I can actually like, go out there

and say, Hey, this worked pretty well.

It's gonna work a lot better if I have, you know, a creator.

And it just looks even more real

and I can have to do certain things.

So it also allows me to rapidly

and cost-effectively test concepts and ideas.

Now, one of the things we like to do,

and I'll also share this in the the module,

but we also have just some quick prompt

generators that we use.

So for different things. So if we wanna do a, uh, you know,

a vlog style, uh, video, we have this prompt right here

where I can actually just put in a URL website.

It'll analyze that website, understand the business,

the product, the service, all this stuff.

And it'll go ahead and actually create the, um, the persona.

It'll create all this stuff and give me the output,

and it'll put the output in a format

that we've seen consistently produce

really high quality stuff.

So it'll actually produce this essential output.

And again, you could take this

and you could put into any AI tool.

You could put it into Claude Chat, a BT Gemini,

just put the whole thing in there

and it'll give you this

final piece, the, the output.

And then I'm gonna take this final

piece, starting with the scene.

I'm gonna copy it and I'm gonna go over

and put it into flow.

We're putting the Gemini into the chat interface.

And it's gonna actually, again, this is just the prompt.

It's not the finished thing.

The finish thing would actually have all the stuff in here.

As you can see, if I'm just clicking reuse from this prompt,

you'll see that it actually created the scene.

It created the who. So here's the woman in it.

It created the dialogue

and then also included these specific technical

instructions in here.

Don't include captions. Make sure the pacing stays this way.

Don't include products, don't include all the things

that we know it's gonna have issues with.

So it follows these rules,

usually pretty well, not all the time.

And then from here, I can change.

If I wanna do a different, you know,

different dialogue, I can do that.

And so we have some prompts in here that we can share.

One creates a, a multi scene, one's kind of interview,

podcast style one's a vlog.

So a few different prompts in here.

And the cool thing too is if you want to create a, um,

a prompt, because we actually don't have all of 'em in here.

This is a secondary document we spun up.

Um, if I wanted to make a prompt generator

for a specific type of video that I see in my research,

maybe it's a, uh, uh, day in the lifestyle video,

for example, that I saw go viral on call data.

I can feed it this, go to go Claude,

give it this whole thing and say, Hey,

study this prompt generator

and make me a version of this for

creating this type of video.

And it'll actually create a new

version of the prompt generator.

But for that type of video,

so now I have a day in the lifestyle prompt generator

for VO three that I can use.

So really, really versatile.

You can do a lot of stuff and kind of templatize this

and use it, but again, really loving

VO three and the potential there.

So that's tool number one on the A IGC

generative creative side.

The second one is called reify.

And reify is, is really, really great

for, uh, for everything.

But, but really e-comm, um, is,

is kind of the, it's bread and butter.

So physical product, e-comm, direct response, e-comm.

What I like about reify is,

and there's a lot of stuff in here.

I'm not gonna spend, you know, I could spend

multiple hours doing a deep dive on this platform

'cause they, they've rolled out so much stuff,

but I can actually create videos of avatars interacting

and holding real products.

So here's a, a business that we did an audit for called, um,

dad Mode that does kind of, uh, cleaning products,

laundry products for, for dads.

And I was actually able to create a avatar.

This is not a real person. This is an avatar holding the

actual deep stain remover product in a laundry room.

And everything in here is digitally created.

Nothing in here is real. The product was recreated.

And so now I can create multiple scenes of a person

that's my exact target avatar, holding, interacting

with the exact product and give it a script

and have it do the entire script.

So again, if I wanna create a 32nd,

six second video based off of a,

a video I saw at mega viral TikTok, cool.

I can just recreate it entirely and reify.

But without, again, any of those limitations

that I might have with a creator.

Going back to the point I made with the VO three as well,

you know, is this going to be as good

as a really talented creator?

Not yet. It's going to be this within the year,

but this is also just a great tool for me

to test things really rapidly, really cost effectively.

That's the theme of this video I want you guys

to take away from this is, yes, there are going

to be instances where A IGC actually does

better than the regular creative.

We've had plenty that won that won video, for example,

of the Revolutionary War soldier was getting a two

to three X ROAS on multiple channels,

so actually profitable and doing well.

The more important thing with these videos though,

is be great if they're all profitable,

but they're not all gonna be profitable

or beat the, the control.

It's that I can test way more cost effectively,

way more efficiently and have much higher volumes than if

you're only trying to make creative yourself

because you're just not gonna able to do it.

So you need to rely on these tools to rapidly test hooks,

concepts, angles, craters, looks, vibes, all that stuff.

And then use that to pinpoint your next creator you work

with your next internal shoot that you do.

So the cool thing again with this, um, with Reify

is I can come in here and I can actually

create these product videos.

And with these product videos, I can drag.

So whatever your product is,

you can drag a high res photo of it into here.

And then from this you can do a, a product shot video.

So if you wanna do just, you know,

the product on a pedestal, doing a, a spinning shot

with a voiceover, cool.

If you wanna do an interactive demo,

a creator holding a product, pointing to it,

talking about it, maybe spreading out her hand,

those things, I can do that.

Or I wanna do a talking video where it's actually like this.

For example, a blonde American woman holding the product

that I can now put a script into her mouth

and have her say those words.

I can do that too. So when I generate anything here,

it takes, you know, a few minutes.

It's then going to first create an image,

and then from that image I can actually kick click,

you know, generate video

and it'll actually turn this into a video.

So I can say, spin the product slowly to show all sides.

It'll do that. And I can use this in an ad.

If I have an unboxing video, here's like a bobblehead

that we, we made for in our products, right?

Cool. It's taking it out there.

I can do a voiceover there or this spinny shot.

I can do a voiceover there. This is a, a guy, a doctor.

We put in a, a lab coat with an actual dermatol.

Uh, you know, uh, um, he's a dermatologist

and he is holding a skincare product.

Cool. So now I have a video of him.

Same thing with this, this, you know,

dad in the laundry room holding the product.

So again, now I have these kind of unlimited,

I have no limitations on creating these

videos for, for testing.

So again, we have reify, we have VO three,

our really, really great models.

And within Reify, I can even actually launch full creative

testing campaigns directly in here.

There's some really crazy cool stuff that they're building.

But for this, for this module, I really want

to focus specifically on these product videos

because again, I think this is one

of the coolest things you can do here,

where you can now take an image of a product, digitally,

create any avatar you want,

and then from there you can create these scenes

that you can clip together

and replicate what's working on the platform.