I'm sure more people will kind of come in

as usually happens.

Um, but yep.

In fact, as soon as I start talking that person, uh,

today we're gonna be going over background stories

and unique mechanisms

and specifically how they pertain to sales letters

and video sales letters.

Um, I have

three examples at least.

We'll go through, uh, one

medium length one, one full length, one

that's in the health space,

and then one full length, one that is in the BizOps space.

Uh, and we'll kind of look at those as examples.

Maybe we'll look at some others as well. As usual.

Before we get started though, we'd love

to hear if anybody has, uh, a win that they wanna share.

We do this at the start of every call of every week.

So if you've got anything cool you wanna share,

like when you've got in your business

or you know, as a, um, team member of a business, you know,

whether it could be, you know, an ad that's working

or a metric that's going well

or you know, just kind of

that you did something faster than before.

Anything like that, would love to hear it.

Feel free to unmute yourself or put it in the chat

and uh, I would love to hear it.

Yeah, actually I wanna say that we wrote

to advertorials a week ago

after some swipes that you gave us

and, uh, they're actually performing like pretty well.

So nice. Some of the first ones

and it's exciting to see that they,

they seem to be doing good. That's fun.

Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, I looked at one of those, uh,

yesterday when I was doing feedback

and um, I was like,

I know you guys mentioned like a few concerns with them,

but I was like, I was like, this is awesome.

Pretty good, you know? Um, and so yeah. That's awesome.

Glad to hear that those are doing well.

Yeah, I think for the feedback, I'm gonna, uh, take it in

and try to make it even better, so yeah.

Sweet. Yeah, that's a lot.

So much of, so much of marketing is just, uh,

iteration, you know what I mean?

It's, it's less about like the first version of anything

and it's more about testing and headlines and uh, optimizing

and all that kind of stuff, so.

Cool. Who else has got a, uh, a win that you wanna share?

Don't be shy if you have one.

I've, yeah, I've got a, I've,

I've had some wins on some landing pages, um,

just like beating, beating the controls on some old landing

that, that I wrote a while ago.

Um, but yeah, I, I've got questions around that as well,

but I'll, I'll say them for later, but yeah.

Cool. Well, hey, the fact that they're,

you're getting some wins on that is good though.

And yeah, uh, later on the call I'm happy

to answer some questions there for sure.

Um, sweet. Anybody else?

Like some days, you know, some days we get lots of wins.

Some days people are more shy.

Both of my emails from last week did exceptionally well.

I don't have actual metrics yet,

but it's always nice to hear.

That is always nice to hear

and it's always nice to hear your voice.

I'm really glad, glad to hear that they involved. Oh,

Stephanie, you too. Yeah,

always. I'm happy to be on the call.

I'm like, I'm like, oh, like I'm

excited that you're on it, so

Yeah. No, I, it

makes me so happy like, oh,

we've got our 10:00 AM before again.

Yeah, absolutely. And that's great.

Really good job with the emails. That's awesome. Thank you.

Uh, yes, yes. Sweet. Um, cool.

Yeah, and on my end, I guess as an update,

if people are always curious, you know, the, uh,

peptide stuff has continued to do well.

I think we had our best day every yesterday.

Um, so that was good.

We've been onboarding, uh, email list managers.

'cause honestly that's a huge initiative for us, uh,

is like the fact that our, um, lists are still,

our deliverability is kinda messed up where we're migraine

and marrow posts and there's lots of steps.

And I have to say email in general used to be

so much easier now

with like deliverability stuff there it is just

so much more technical I feel like then, uh, you know,

when I, my first list of ho Line health back in the day,

it was like we had Entreport stuff went in, sent out emails,

everything inbox was great.

And now it's like, there's just so much more stuff to do.

But that's, um, it's so cool.

I mean we hired a full-time CRO team that's give,

gave us like a whole roadmap of tests and things

and, uh, ideas are gonna be implementing

to increase conversion rate.

And so, I dunno know, I'm excited about all of that

and so things are, things are pretty good on my end too,

but, um, sweet.

There's no other wins. We'll jump in.

And we got one last chance

and we got a one you wanna share before we jump in.

I don't have a win, uh,

but I saw that you posted about getting testimonials, uh,

and I just wanted to share like, what we've been doing

and we've got so many video testimonials from our customers.

Really? Yeah.

What, yeah, so did you, did

you Yeah, go ahead. Please share.

Yeah, you guys have like a Facebook group

where you get engagement or not really

That we don't, but we're hiring for a Facebook sort

of community manager and that's on our immediate like sort

of next month plan to get one for kind for that reason.

So is that, that's a good first step.

Absolutely. So what we usually do, uh,

we make posts saying something like, uh,

share your progress pictures or a video or something.

Uh, and the best testimonial is gonna win something.

And that way we get a lot of 'em.

And then also we do challenges every one or two months.

So any like sort of little challenge that you can do that,

that involves your product and be like, uh, I don't know.

I, I wouldn't know exactly what kind of challenge,

but then part of the thing that they have to do

to win is enter like a video explaining

or giving a testimonial pretty much.

And we don't ever give them scripts

because when we did they sounded very fake.

Okay. So what we just do is give them guidelines like, uh,

for example you can share, uh, I don't know

how much weight you lost and how do you feel after these?

How were you feeling before?

And then we've got like a hundred probably testimonials,

video testimonials that are really good just doing that.

So it's just like a lot of engagement. That's great. Yeah.

Yeah. That's awesome. Thank you for sharing that.

Yeah, and never incentives either,

like discounts or stuff like that.

We just go, this works specifically

with women just being like, if you share your story,

you're gonna help more women.

And that's really helped us too. So

Yeah, that's, that is helpful.

I wrote up an email 'cause we thought about emailing some

of our customers who've been using the medications for three

or four months and um, I had a line like that

and I kind of removed it 'cause I was like, well,

I don't know if that matters that much.

Um, but so hearing that from you, no, I'm like, all right,

I'm gonna add that line back in.

Yeah, it really does help us, so, mm-hmm.

Okay. Amazing. Thank you. Awesome. All right, cool.

Well let's jump in. Um, so I'm gonna share my screen here.

Like I said, today we're gonna be talking about, uh,

background story in the UMP

as a quick kind of refresher reminder.

I shared like the really simple, you know,

structural component of a video sales letter.

Um, you know, each of these last few calls.

So from sort of a hook, a lead background story

discovery story, um, which is kind

of part of the background in a way.

Um, the unique mechanism of promise, solution,

product buildup and reveal close and FAQs.

One sec. Um,

we've gone through the lead

and, uh, you know, the overall structure in leads,

we'll come back to sort of a little bit about hooks

and micro leads too, but we'll probably have a whole section

or session on that in the near future.

Um, we've also talked a bit about different formats like,

you know, short little ones,

which we're gonna also do a whole section on our whole, uh,

I keep saying section session, medium length ones

and then like longer ones, we looked at that, uh,

skin testing from Beverly Hills MD for the longer one.

And then we've also looked at the kind

of more in depth outline with a pre lead or micro lead

or a hook, uh, the lead itself, the background story,

unique mechanism of the problem, solution, product,

open reveal and close.

And so tailoring be focusing on the background story

and the unique mechanism of the problem.

I'm gonna switch to this document, which is basically, uh,

has these parts isolated.

I have all this in Google Drive,

which I will of course be sharing.

Lemme track my headset in case I play any

audio while we're going here.

Um, so lemme kinda quickly walk through

what these components have

and then we'll look at some specific examples.

So the background story

of a sales letter, this is after the lead.

It's kinda that like, you know, who am I?

Who's the spokesperson? Credibility builders.

Typically I'm looking at where this isn't the case.

You know, a quick story about me

or someone close to me was just like,

you, they were in pain.

Here's the emotional story about it.

Often traditional solutions

and advice were not working And there's a trigger event,

a pain point, some, a place where the pain point escalates,

where the avatar realizes something must change.

And by avatar I kind mean spokesperson again as well.

Basically like, you know, if it was the actual,

you'll, you'll see examples in a second.

But basically if it was a, um, a doctor who has a patient

and the patient's in so much pain,

they're like, we gotta figure this out.

Traditional solutions aren't working or,

and I got, you know, more traditional story

where it's a spokesperson.

And uh, you'll see it's in the BOP one where it's basically,

it's like, um, you know, they are trying to make money

and, and nothing's working.

They're like, all right, got something's gotta change here.

And they'll kind of look for truth and answers

or start digging in

and trying to find something that, you know, is,

is a solution or that can help them solve their,

their pain point and problem.

And so once they do that, you know,

usually you'll go into the unique mechanism of the problem.

So is the real cause of the problem,

it's usually surprising,

it's backed by credibility improved.

And as we talked about mechanisms previously,

the solution is like, okay, now you know the problem,

this is the real solution.

And we often present it at a macro level,

which we'll talk about shortly.

It's connected to the problem. And then they have

to dig deep to kind of see, okay, well

proving the solution really works or is the solution.

Um, so we're gonna go through background stories, um,

first look at these examples

and then we'll also look at the UMP,

I think I'm gonna show you guys a couple things of the umps

around like a few other interesting points I haven't always

talked about, but that are I think, valuable to see.

Um, so the first one we'll look at is that newer one

that we looked at, uh, at the two

sessions ago, I believe it was.

So I'm pulling this up here.

I'll make it bigger in a moment so you can see it.

And we'll have this up in the outline up side by side.

So we've got this here,

we've got this here at 150.

So the newer VSL for those of you guys,

it is in the first week again.

Uh, so two weeks ago, uh, June, I wanna say fifth,

but it wouldn't be the fifth, it would've been the 11th.

June 11th. Uh, you'll see a credibility component,

but what you will see is that on this VSL,

which is a medium length thing, the 12 VSL

is about 16 minutes long.

It kind of goes through this part very

quickly and gets in the mechanism.

And that is something you'll see on sort of more

branded type of stuff running

as an FY ad at a medium length on Facebook.

So let's look at it with Niru, right?

So the lead of this one that we looked at was a

say goodbye to edma on your legs.

Try tri tonight. See what happens.

Here are three early signs of edma. So our edema.

So if we go back to our kind of broad outline, you know,

what you're seeing there is like that little hook

and micro lead and then they're go into like the actual kind

of like, like I guess all this is sort of like,

like the um, the signs.

Then it goes into like the rest of the actual lead.

I'm not gonna repeat this because I already went over it

previously, but that's sort of an example

of where the hook's coming right away.

Okay, now this one is a short

because again, these are shorter format really,

it's like a hook, a quick little lead here for this one

and it's gonna that background story, right?

So what we said

before, who am I, a credibility builder, whatever.

It's right in this case. Hi, my name is Dr. Jeremy Campbell.

I'm a doctor of physical therapy from Chicago.

I have over 10 years of clinical experience

and clocked in over well over 10,000 uh, hours.

Throughout my career, I've helped over 1,100 patients

overcome all kinds of foot problems, uh, lymphedema, edema,

neuropathy, plantar fascitis, you name it, I've seen it all.

Anything from mild stiffness and swelling

to people struggling with varicose spider veins to edema

so bad that you can barely recognize

that body part you're looking at.

But it wasn't until earlier this year

that I truly cracked the co cracked the code

to provide relief from edema.

It all started with one breakthrough discovery I had.

If you're struggling with swollen legs, feet,

or ankles, you may have something called ven

venous insufficiency.

It's a condition where the veins in your calves fail

to send the oxygen starred blood back up to your heart.

This results in blood point around the area of your calves,

feet and ankles, which ultimately

causes swelling, stiffness, and soreness.

It can happen when you sit at your desk

for too many hours every day,

but it can also happen when you stand for too long as well.

Your skin may feel like it's overstretched

and about to burst any second,

making every step heavier than the last.

Like your legs are stuck in blood, but you're not alone.

Recent research shows that over 25 million individuals in

the US alone struggle a vaness insufficiency

and the number increases every year.

But venous insufficiency is only half the answer.

Here's a little fact that very few people know about,

but everyone should know about their edema.

What if I told you that the edema and swelling your feet

and legs are actually caused by your caps?

So if you look at this one here for that background story,

you might think, okay, is it getting to the mechanism

when it's sort of talking about the

venous insufficiency thing?

But I think knowing the market,

I'm not expert on this market, they probably already know

about venous insufficiency.

And so I think he's sort of giving you a little bit

of a background of like, you know, this is

how you know you are struggling with this.

Um, he doesn't really have like in

this, in this one it's very fast.

It's sort of like, you know, I'm a doctor, lots

of people are suffering from this pain point.

There's no emotional story really about it.

Um, and then sort of just saying like,

you know, you're not alone.

Uh, but it's only half the answer.

And here's where I would say it really gets

into like the mechanism of the problem.

So let's talk about like what happens, right?

The real cause you've heard in this case, you know,

usually I say you've had 99%

of the answer, but you're missing 1%.

And this one is sort of saying you had half the answer,

but you're missing the other 50%,

but the other 50% is really like one thing still, right?

So that's why I would kind of count this is

where the mechanism of the problem starts.

Um, so again, what if I told you that edema

and swelling your feet and legs

are actually caused by your calves?

That's right. Your feet might be perfectly fine.

Your calves are the problem. Lemme explain this further.

Do you know that we doctors refer

to calves as a second heart?

That's because they play a crucial role in your

body's blood circulation.

You see, a real heart sends blood all over your body,

including your feet gain the blood

to go down to our feet is easy.

It's exciting down a slide, but gain it back up.

It's like climbing back up the slide.

Your heart can't pull all the blood back up by itself.

That's where the calves help with this big job.

When your calf muscles contract, they compress their veins

and your leg, the veins and your legs

and push blood from your feet back up towards your heart.

That's why we call the calves the second heart.

They single handedly maintain normal

blood circulation in your body.

And here's the problem that I don't see. I'm talking about.

As you sit for long hours every day continue to age

and become less physically active, your calves get weaker.

As they get weaker. They

don't contract the way they used to.

So the vein valves in your calves, they're responsible for,

for pushing the blood back up

to your heart tend to weaken as well.

This causes the venous insufficiency I mentioned earlier.

When that happens, your calves can no longer send all the

old still blood from your lower body back to your heart.

So some of it stay stuck in your feet and legs.

Now the buildup of old still blood can cause swelling in

your feet and ankles, but can also lead

to more serious foot conditions if left untreated.

Starting to see how it all fits together.

Weak cause cast your vein valves to weaken

or weak calves cause your vein valves

to weaken those weakened vein valves fail

to send the old deoxygenated blood back up to your heart,

which ultimately causes the blood

to pull around your cas feet and ankle.

It's making your legs swollen and puffy

and feeling like they're stuck in mud.

Most people don't even notice that they have early symptoms,

but it's actually lean caused by people over 35 struggle

with stiff and swollen legs and heaviness described

as having legs stuck in concrete.

While most of the wannabe solutions are trying

to relieve swelling by focusing on the feet,

they totally miss the fact that it's weak calves

that are hitting the hidden culprit.

And that's also why popular remedies like depression, socks,

salt baths and different pills can't solve the problem.

They don't focus on stimulating your calves at all

and vein valves inside of them.

So if you wanna get relief from edema, edema in your feet

and legs, and if you wanna reduce the swelling, stiffness,

and aches, you need to stimulate your calves

and the vein valves in your calves to reduce the blood

of the pooled blood in your calves, ankles and feet.

So this is where the um, s kind of comes in, right?

So you sort of explained like, here's the real problem.

Now I know we didn't get into like the credibility

and proof element on this one,

but sort of like he's a doctor, which

by the way is why doctors are easy.

'cause you can kind of like using a doctor.

The value of using a doctor spokesperson

for health thing is like Aren any incredible person,

you kind of be like, you know,

obviously I know this, I'm a doctor.

Um, but like it, it is pretty like, so it's basically from

here to here.

Now here's what I wanna show you guys really quickly,

and then we'll look at, I'll come back to the UMS

and I'll look at a few other examples.

If you kinda look at the way the UMP structure works

for a lot of stuff, especially in health, other,

other examples outside of it, it's really like the,

the method of like, hey, here's how this system or process

or thing is supposed to work.

This is why that system isn't working like it's supposed to.

That's kind of the heart of the UMP.

And then often they'll be like, that's why, you know,

what external factors or

cooperates could be causing the malfunction.

Why is it happening to you? So if we look at this,

it really follows that example where it's like, you know,

um, you know, your,

your calves do this.

They're supposed to basically pump blood back up when heart

sends blood down, your calves

are supposed to send blood back up.

That's how it's supposed to work, right?

But here's the problem.

When you sit for a long time or become old

or have less physical activity

or your calves get weaker, when they get weaker,

they can't contract it

because they can't send blood back up.

So it's sort of like, what external factors

are causing this malfunction?

Well, it's just like get getting older, staying

for long hours every day, continuing to age,

being less physically active, right?

These things make this problem, they answer it here

and not like, uh, after they do this.

But when this happens, this is why the

system can't work, right?

I wanna show you another example of that

with another health one and then we're gonna switch to, uh,

a biz op one from there.

So let me show you guys that example of that Beverly Hills,

uh, MD pinch test one that we looked at previously.

Okay? I'll make this nice and big too.

So this is like, I basically took,

and by the way, I wanna show you guys this as well.

I think it was in this one, right? Um,

someone else I mentioned that they do this

and I was like, I should do it as well.

Uh, you can take like a transcript quad, right?

And go like, because someone has transcripts,

like on YouTube for example, you're trying

to start something from YouTube, it's got

timestamps, it cuts off.

It's sort of annoying. So you can

literally just go into it twice here.

Um, here's a transcript

of video sales letter for a skincare brand.

I you take it and clean it up so it's more readable, uh,

timestamps or awkward line breaks.

Can you do that? Now I in Poe I'll,

I'll be one dumb thing is like, I'm like, if you need more,

uh, to do multiple outputs, just ask me

to continue when you're outta space and I'll keep doing it.

But I had this, which was sort of like a pain in the ass

to try to read and teach off of.

And so it it did, it cleaned it up.

The one annoying thing is that like it did cut off

'cause it has a window, the amount of like, you know,

text it can do as an output.

I said, continue. And then in po Lisa was

like, oh, I don't have any context.

And I'm like, do this section.

And then it sort of just like gave me a

summary and I'm like, what are you doing?

So then I basically started a new chat

and did the part that it, where it hadn't, uh, formatted,

which was like the rest of that section I had previously.

And then it did it for me. It might be

that if you use actual quad, uh, it would have the context

and you don't have to do that annoying thing,

but it is actually really helpful, right?

Because now I have it nicely formatted

and don't have to like, try

to like figure out anything else.

So it's just a little time saver hack, right?

Um, but in this one, right, this is Beverly Hills MD one,

this is after like the, there's a pinch testing about your

skin, there's a lead

and then it gets it in, gets into the, um,

the background story.

So if I go back to like, you know, background story,

this one's gonna follow this a bit more,

more directly this classic model on the background story.

Okay? So let's, let's read it real quick.

Let me briefly introduce myself again. My name is Dr.

John Lakey. Many people will recognize me as the co-founder

of the world renowned Beverly Hills Plastic surgery

group, where my partner, Dr.

Pam and Daniel, um,

this is a transcript, I'm not sure what I was supposed to say.

And I have been treating some of today's biggest stars

for over a decade or for my appearance on TV show such

as the Doctors and Entertainment Tonight,

where I'm often interviewed about the latest

corrective procedures.

But even though I'm best known for my work

as a plastic surgeon, I've also dedicated a large portion

of my career to searching for ways to defy the signs

of aging without knives or needles.

In fact, my research in the field

of youth restoration has been published in leading medical

journals all around the world.

However, the simple technique I'm going

to show you today has never been revealed prior

to this report because once I discovered it, I knew I had

to share it with the public directly.

So I couldn't be more excited

for the transformation you're about to experience.

But first, let's get back to our super agents, right?

You see, I first started looking into this phenomenon

after chance encounter with two very

unusual women in my clinic.

While it wasn't exactly by chance the first one,

let's call her, Linda has scheduled a consultation

with me several weeks prior

to discuss some possible treatments

for sagging skin and wrinkles.

So I already knew she'd be coming in,

but I wasn't expecting, however, it was for her to arrive

with her grown daughter in toe,

or at least that's why immediately assumed the woman

with Linda to be, oh shoot, sorry guys.

Let me let these people in who are

in the waiting room one second.

Um, but when she finally introduced us, I was speechless.

Oh, this is my sister Joanne.

She said casually now, now she's visiting town this week,

so I figured I'd bring her along.

She's always wanted to see what a

plastic surgery clinic looks like.

Wait, wait, wait. I thought this was a lot to process.

Joanne looked about 20 years younger than Linda.

So either there was a significant age difference

between the two, or Joanne had definitely spent her fair

share of time in a plastic surgeon's office before

and was just trying to convince her sister

otherwise, at any rate, I guess I wasn't able

to hide my confusion very well because Linda's smile

at me instantly disappeared.

He thought she was my daughter, didn't you?

I could feel my face turning red. It's okay.

Everyone does she side. That's why I'm here. Dr.

Lakey, Joanna is only two years younger than me,

but I keep getting older and more wrinkled.

She looks like she's, she looks like she's 30.

What am I doing wrong? So

I'll pause here for a quick second, right?

We had all this credibility about this doctor, right?

He is on entertainment tonight, he's on the doctors,

he's Beverly Hills plastic surgeon.

He's published, uh, you know,

like multiple things in leading medical journals, right?

And then this has got a very classic story about, you know,

someone, uh, someone like I knew someone close

to me was just like you, they're in pain.

Here's the sort of emotional story in this case.

The fact that he thought that her sister was

her daughter, right?

It's analysis about traditional solutions

and advice not working if there's a trigger

event, search for truth.

Okay? So back to here, I could tell this was a real point

of frustration for Linda and I truly felt for her,

after all, if seen her skin age wasn't bad enough.

Her sister's youthful appearance when we

added insult to injury.

But here's the thing, at 63,

Linda didn't actually look old for her age.

For her age, sure she had noticeable wrinkles

around her eyes and mouth and the skin on her cheeks, neck

and jawlines were starting to side considerably.

These problems were extremely common among women her age.

In fact, most people would consider them normal so far

as I could tell Linda wasn't doing anything wrong.

The real question was, what was Joanna doing differently?

Now if the two weren't directly related,

I would've probably just checked it chalked up to Gen X.

But since they were sisters, that couldn't be the case.

So I politely asked Durran if she was sure she'd never had

any work done, even if it was just a round of germal fillers

or laser treatments at Ian's office.

But she swore she hadn't. I live in a small town, Dr.

Lakey, we don't even have

places that offer that sort of thing.

She laughed. So I decided

to ask some preliminary questions about their lifestyles

just to see if their routines differed in any way.

But I learned it only left me more puzzled.

Both Jan and Linda had never smoked.

They rarely drank alcohol.

They both had relatively healthy diets.

And while they both admitted to tanning in their teens

and twenties, there's no reason why sun damage

would've affected one more than the other.

More. They both had two children

and similarly demanding jobs.

So even their street level stress levels couldn't have been

that different yet.

Linda's skin was starting to sag crease

and look wilted while Joan's or Joanne's skin looked taut

and lifted as ever with barely a wrinkle

and sight and made no sense.

Uh, so as the last resort, I asked Joanne to walk me

through her entire daily routine,

step-by-step from the time she woke

up to time, she went to bed.

And finally I had my answer.

Turns out there were actually three things stranded every

day that worked together to keep her appearance from aging.

The funny thing is she didn't even know that

what they were until I pointed them out to her.

And then we're gonna get into the mechanism here.

Um, so let's start off Joanne's first super age habit.

Well, actually lemme back up just a bit

because in order to fully explain the significance of it,

I'll first need to tell you about something called DHT.

So I should be kind of clear about

to move into the mechanism, right?

With DHT. So, you know, kind of like in this case,

like it's sort of like, you know what traditional things,

well, they, you know, they're not drinking,

they're not smoking, they're not sort

of doing anything dramatic.

Like, you know, they're not doing anything wrong.

Like they're not at nutritional advice about

what causes skin issues wouldn't make sense

for the one woman, but just for the other woman.

And in this case,

that trigger event is really a simple like confusion about

why would it be that this woman is having such, like,

you know, her sister has such great skin wrinkles while the

other woman Linda's skin, you know, looks all saggy and old.

Like, right? He kinda wants to know the truth.

So he starts asking him all these questions.

Now we're getting into the mechanism. And what's interesting

about the mechanism of what, what's what I just said

before, this one follows very closely this idea of like

how a system is supposed to work, uh, why it isn't working.

And then I think it also talks about

external factors in culprits.

So lemme show you what I mean by that. Okay?

DHT is hardly a new discovery.

It's a hormone that all human bodies naturally produce.

So scientists have known about it for decades,

but for a long time its effect on women was largely ignored.

And I'll tell you why. You see,

even though virtually everyone's body starts to produce more

and more DHT as they get older,

this process was initially linked to baldness in men.

So since hair loss solutions are a huge money maker, funding

for DHT research has primarily centered

around studies on male pattern baldness ever since.

The truth is DHT also plays a major

role in how women look too.

The more difference is in women,

it effects are more visible on their skin.

Now, it's not to say it can't cause any hair in woman

as well, it certainly can, but the biggest signs

of increased DHT are actually loose sagging skin wrinkles

and loss of elasticity.

Why? Because DHT inhibits

your body's production of collagen.

You see, collagen is the protein

that keeps your skin firm taut and lifted.

In fact, I like to think of it

as your skin's primary support system

because without it, your skin would literally be

unable to hold itself up.

Now your body's ability to produce collagen naturally slows

down in the years before, during, and after menopause.

So if you talk about like what's the sort of external

culprit or thing or you know,

besides causing this issue menopause,

but if it weren't for DHT, the effects will be nearly

as obvious because just as your collagen production starts

to decline, your production

of collagen blocking DHT simultaneously increases making it

even harder for you to fight your skin to fight gravity

and maintain youthful firmness.

So if you're seeing saggy skin on your cheeks, neck, chin,

and jawline, or loose wobbly skin on your upper arms,

DHT is likely to blame.

This is like a little quick summary of what I just shared

and I wanna actually point that out because we go back

to the new root new growth thing here.

Um, like kind of same thing here, right?

It was sort of like, this is a UI guess the um,

MS but he had it, where was it here?

Um,

starting to see how all fits together.

Like weak calves do this cause you, uh, cause vein valves

to weaken, weaken vein valves don't assemble blood back up,

makes blood pool, leaves your

legs sweat wound and puffy, right?

And here it's sort of like a quick like, hey,

if you're doing, doing these things, DHG is to blame, right?

Um, and then it says, okay,

so at this point you're probably wondering, okay,

but what does this have to do if Joanne's daily routine?

Well, here's a scoop.

Even though Joanne wasn't big on skincare makeup

for the past few years, she'd been taking a natural herb

called soft metal to help thicken her hair.

Now we start to get into the, um, MS now they do their, um,

MS while interlacing the ingredients into it

because it's a skin, uh, uh, skincare supplement actually.

So we'll come back to this in a second.

I'll make a note of it, uh, at start of MS okay?

But like, if we look at the format again,

like this is thing called DHT, everybody's got it and men

and women, the problem is that in women, especially

as you know, you get through menopause, uh, DHT like

is, uh, you produce a lot more of it

and it causes your skin, it destroys collagen

and causes your skin to sag.

What's the solution gonna be?

Well, you want to kind of stop the overproduction of DHC

and then figure out how to lift

and firm your skin so that it isn't sagging, right?

Like, but the one thing to note with both

of these unique mechanisms is that

even though the newer one's short

and that one's longer, like there's not like a bunch

of studies in it and we're gonna get to biz op next,

but there's not a bunch of studies in it where it's like,

um, you know, in fact like a study from Harvard found

that in 33% of women, blah, blah, blah.

And then 22, like I, you know, I used to do that a lot

and I still think a study or two can be good,

but I think one thing that gets sort of people

who do health especially kind of, it's good

to have proof elements, but it doesn't mean like you need

to like just rattle off a bunch

of journalism studies that have found things.

I don't know that people care that much,

especially when it's coming from a expert, right?

Which is in both of these things.

Um, I see here, can you share this OC Yeah, I will.

I shared it is, it is, I shared the, the full transcript,

um, in the, with the, um, call from six 11.

I'm not sure all the, all the documents,

this whole Google drive will get shared as documents, um,

with everybody when we put up the replay.

But here's the document too.

I see 55,000 people pop in here now, but that's okay.

That's, um, the duck.

Okay, so now I wanna look at Bizzo

because I've done a lot of health stuff here lately.

So lemme go pull up like this bizzo version.

I mean, can you, uh, can you clarify that for me?

I'm trying to remember. Was it, was it in the UP

specifically or was it with the ingredients

that was in the, that was in the ingredients?

I didn't know you were referencing.

Yeah, so I'm referencing

that in the unique mechanism when you're saying like

specifically collagen,

say for example, it's really collagen.

It's like you don't need, like, again, I, I don't,

I don't think it would be back like in fact like Harvard did

a big study and they found that collagen decreases by 75%

or like, you know, whatever, like, or that dhc increase.

I don't, I, it's not that you can't have a

study or two in that part.

It's that sometimes I see people that are sort of like

giving like study after study after study

after study all trying to prove that like collagen,

you know, or that DHC is a problem.

And it's like generally if you have like a doctor

or an expert and you

maybe reference a study or two, you're good.

And I think that extends to the unique mechanism

of the problem part, like kind of too long.

But with ingredients, I do think like

sharing some studies is important.

And again, if they have specific like, uh, stats

around them, like they saw a

17% decrease in wrinkles, right?

That, that's the thing I think I was talking about with you.

And I think that's very, uh, important.

Okay, thank you for clarifying. Yes, thanks for asking.

Okay, so this one is the one

that if you look at anyone's used,

the auto bsl thing we created, um,

or just sort of like seen this, this is like a swipe

for a high ticket, uh, offer,

like a book, a call funnel, okay?

And I'll talk real quick about the hook, right?

You see this ordinary spat up on my screen.

It's probably just like this spa that you bought off

amazon.com recently.

And the second you finished your order on Amazon for

that bad boy you put $7 in Sean's pocket.

Who? Sean? This is Sean, right?

He sells products on Amazon,

specific kitchen utensils, just like this spatula.

Sean doesn't commute to work every day.

He doesn't have to clock to work, clock into work

or do the typical nine to five, eight hours a day

for five or six days a week.

He doesn't send a cubicle or do manual labor at a job site.

He also didn't need a college degree to sell on Amazon.

Sean works from someone's laptop usually about,

uh, four hours a day.

Anyway, it goes on about that.

But like basically the hook there is like every time you buy

this spatula from Amazon,

you put $7 in Sean's pocket, right?

And obviously this is gonna be a product about how

to sell on Amazon, right?

So I'm gonna skip like the lead.

It's a little bit different. The one thing I'll say

for everyone doing biz op is like, if you really want like,

like, like this,

this lead does have a bunch of social proof.

Obviously it starts with a story about Sean, right?

And it kind of tells you, like helps you understand

what Sean is making per month and per year.

Um, and then basically just if you look at the trait, uh,

like in the rest of this lead, this is still,

this is still the lead where he

introduces himself the first time.

Again, I'm, I might go too in depth on this one today.

We can do it later in another call shows more sales,

shows his bank account, um, mentions other students

like, you know, my student Jay, my student Sonal.

The thing I wanna point out here is I think one thing

that's missing from a lot of people's copy, honestly, this,

this counts for health too, but especially in like bop,

it's just like a lot of testimonials and social proof early.

And I was actually looking at,

let's see if I can find this

real quick and then I'll come back.

Uh, we did something for uh, Rachel Rofe

who was doing the Amazon thing as well

and some of the uh, script, this is her original control

and she was doing the eight figures of this offer.

Um, it's like another kind of webinar.

It's missing a lot of screenshots,

but I wanna, what I wanna show you guys in this thing real

quick is like,

and we had bring her new version, uh, as well,

but like basically, okay, here's her, her nephew.

Like whatever, right? It's like my Amazon sales last year.

This has been, you know, working for years.

We'll continue to work like this has been working

for years and then we gonna get bigger.

Here's my Etsy store.

The Etsy store brings in even more money.

These are my other stores.

It's not just about, I dunno, this is supposed to say here,

but I don't mess with.

I mean I think this is the copy we're looking at, right?

Here's other people's success stories.

These are all more testimonies.

That's where, I don't know, just 'cause it's been a long

time 'cause images aren't accessible anymore.

Um, she has a little fine print. Can I do this too?

And so I'm missing a bunch of slides,

but I want to kind of fast forward a little bit

because like if you keep going, right?

It's like just showing more proof, passive income proof.

Like literally the entire thing in her start is just

like proof.

Now obviously, you know, as far as like income things,

like you have to look at ftc, whatever,

but that's something that's just been missing so often.

I think especially from like bop stuff that's successful.

Even it's yourself. Like this is me doing it.

She has her disclaimer in this this presentation, right?

Like she has this big disclaimer,

but like I see a lot of stuff where it's sort of

around biz op type of things or like, um, making money

or businesses or whatever and like

people like don't have any

of this starts like at the very bottom of the page.

And I'm always like, I would probably move that up.

That's one of the first things I would do, right?

Um, 'cause people just wanna see that this actually works

and that it's real, it's a different market, especially

with like health people wanna see that too,

but they're more to take, they're there for more

of the story, especially as like a doctor

or I guess the other subtlety.

Hopefully this riffing is, is valuable

and not me feeling like I'm just sort of being incoherent,

but like if you look at a health BSL, okay, for example,

you either have like a doctor where they're like,

I'm a doctor, I'm super credible.

So like you immediately kinda trust me if I tell you this is

really the problem and this really works,

there's a built in trust to that to some degree.

Or if it's more of an aggressive like kind

of gray hat VSL from like the ClickBank universe,

whatever it is, and it's like an everyday Joe, like,

then you usually have such a cr that's

where you have like the crazier story

and you're mentioning Harvard a bunch of times

and like, you know, like that, oh this might sound crazy,

but it's back by Harvard and

John Hopkins in the Mayo Clinic.

And like maybe you have the crazy story that's like,

you know, I almost lost my penis on a skiing trip.

Like, and I'm really glad it happened

because it helped me to discover the

cure to ed, whatever, right?

Like I'll tell you about it later and like, you know, um,

but the point is like then you're really doing super heavy

on, you know, curiosity and other credible things, right?

Um, but like, so that's the nuance of a,

of a doctor spokesperson versus like

an everyday Joe spokesperson.

Um, but with biz op almost always a spokesperson is,

is a person who's had success,

but there's more skepticism around like, you know,

people have tried more.

I would, I would honestly say probably people have tried

more things to try to make money.

Um, and they're more wary of like online scams

for bus, like for making money.

Like the whole make money online thing is very scammy.

Um, whereas with health, I think people have a bit more

of like an openness to like alternative health

being a real thing that works.

Um, and they probably tried in some respects,

they may have tried a lot of alternative health things,

but they probably have more belief that it works.

I think there's more skepticism

and less belief if at belief levels

with something like make money online.

Um, so that's a little bit of a tangent,

but I just think it's kind

of an interesting point to, to put out there.

Okay, so let's get to the background story here.

Um, with this one, which I mark marked.

Okay, so if bop it is generally very similar

to the same structure we talked about, sorry guys.

Whoops. Um, right

that sort of like, who am I?

You know, me or someone close to me was in pain,

traditional solutions weren't working.

There was this trigger event so has to change.

I looked for search, search for truth and answers, right?

So now we're on bop not health, but let's look right there.

Seven, first thing you should know is

I come from very humble beginnings.

My two siblings and I shared a bedroom when we were younger.

However, my parents always made sure we had the necessities.

And we see this to let you know

that I didn't have a head start compared

to my peers in regards

to my success that I'm having right now.

In fact, I went to less than one semester of junior college

before dropping out, knowing it wasn't for me.

I joined the workforce at age 15 and

after graduating high school, I worked at quite a few

different jobs, but eventually I ended up at Costco.

Now Costco seemed like a great place to work.

They tell you when you join that you'll get plenty

of opportunities to climb up the corporate ladder.

They hire internally, you'll receive inter health benefits

and eventually if you stick with them long enough,

you could have a management position making high five

figures per year for

a kid who was just coming outta high school.

That sounded like an amazing opportunity.

So every day I clocked in, I gave 'em my best.

I have always taken pride in working in my hardest

and being a model employee, I never called in sick.

I would work any shift they gave me without complaining.

Even working late night, closing

shifts every single weekend.

In fact, I was one of their fastest cashiers.

And because of that they always

scheduled me on their busiest days.

I thought if they can see my work ethic

and the responsibility as an employee, as an employee,

the next time a supervision position opens up,

I'll be a shoo-in and my salary will jump.

But the longer I worked at Costco, the more I realized

that it didn't matter how hard I worked,

the system wasn't set up to reward their best workers.

Instead, every time a management site opened up,

they would always pick the person

who had been working there the longest.

Despite the fact that I worked circles

around those same people, this really upset me

because here I was giving it my all working harder than

everyone and clearly one of the top performers.

But to my managers, I was just another gear in the machine.

It wasn't apparent that I would, it was apparent

that would take me years and

years to get where I wanted to be.

And even worse, it was almost completely outta my

control, my breaking point.

So I would literally say a trigger

event right where it escalates.

Like right here, my breaking point came when I went out

to the parking lot to gather all the carts.

I spent nearly an hour collecting all of them

by myself and the pouring rain.

And when I walked back into the store soaking wet from head

to toe, the new manager that I got passed over,

the new manager that I got passed over for wrote me up

for having an unprofessional appearance on the job.

At that moment, I broke.

I got so frustrated because here I was working my heart out,

giving it all, giving uh, giving it my all every day.

But no matter, no matter how much effort I put in,

it wouldn't get me anywhere.

I knew there had to be another way.

I didn't know what it was, but I

knew I had to make something happen.

Otherwise I'd never be able

to do things I dreamed about all the time.

Things like traveling the road,

buying a home, pursuing other interests.

So for the next few years I've

tried to several different business models.

So now we're kinda looking for truth answers. Like what?

Right? This trigger thing is this Costco moment

now always looking for truth and answers.

I got my real estate license, I tried reselling products

online, I got involved in the stock market

or these business models have been around a super long time.

And so the competition was extremely difficult.

Then one day I stumbled across a newer business model,

private label, explain exactly

how this unique business model works with private label.

Now here's kind of the difference with I think biz op

and it's kind of similar to financial sometimes actually too

is I think BOP definitely can have a

UP and I'll talk about that, what it looks like.

But in a case like this, it

kind of goes right into this solution.

This case is sort of like, I tried these other things,

it didn't work, then I discovered this thing private label

and it did work, right?

And it kinda goes right into,

I'll go into this UMS first and we go back to the other ones, right?

Lemme explain exactly how this unique business model works

With private label, you have the opportunity

to create your own brand made up

of one or more physical products.

You're able to work with manufacturers from

all over the world to make products.

And now there's absolutely no middleman.

Remember Sean at the beginning, this is exactly what he did.

What I love is you don't have to reinvent the wheel

or become some kind of vendor

with the right research methods.

You can find out exactly what sells well on Amazon

and then reach out to a manufacturer to help produce it

for extremely low prices.

Imagine being able to source high quality merchandise

and products at the same prices companies like Walmart

and Target to, and

to put your own brand logo on it and sell it online.

And since you're working directly

with the supplier manufacturer,

you have rock bottom pricing, which allows

for extremely high margins.

I've seen my margins higher than a hundred

percent return on investment.

Imagine that you put a hundred dollars in

and get back over $200 and you rinse

and repeat that all over and over again.

And this process of private label works fall asleep.

Amazon lemme show you how to find your first product

and it kind of goes into like showing them what to do

and how it works and everything like that.

So a difference in BOP is

that you don't necessarily have a UP

now you could have a UP, right?

Where it's sort of like why,

why would you need A UMP if you were like talking

to a market that has tried drop shipping

or private label on Amazon, you'd have to be like,

here's why most private label, you know,

I discovered a thing called private label, you know,

and specifically on Amazon, maybe you've heard of that.

Maybe you've heard of FBA

or you've heard of like, you know, selling private label.

Maybe you've even tried it and you haven't had any success

or you found that, you know,

it was way more hard than it sounded.

If that's the case, I totally get it.

Well, here's the one thing they don't tell you

about private label, right?

And then it sort of be like, you know,

there's this one problem

with the private label model or the FBA model.

Um, you know, you kind of would give them some proof

that it exists and be like,

and what I discovered is if we could just actually solve

that one problem, we could fix these issues

and then we could make private

label actually work the way it's supposed to work.

And so that's what I did, right?

Um, and so that's

where you can have a UMP in something like this.

But I would say that in bop more than other, you know,

than health for sure, you're able to actually skip the, um,

the um, p or the um, yeah,

the UMP part more often than go right into a UMS, especially

for like a webinar or sales team.

Um, so I think that's a really, uh, nuance.

And of course somebody knocking at the door

and my dog's gonna go freak out.

So we're gonna take a a one minute break, guys. I'm sorry.

I dunno who's knocking my door?

People shouldn't be knocking.

I'm sorry, one minute.

Sorry guys. I forgot the car detailer was coming today.

It's a tough life, but it's rainy out.

So I'm not sure why he's clean.

Dude, I need, I need to figure out a, um, how

to get your dog to not bar.

I need someone to make that course, man, I,

I feel like I can be this spokesperson

speaking of this, right?

And like the real problem dog training is that, uh,

you know, well actually I watched a video

of a good mechanism, I'll tell you this, right?

Because mechanisms are everywhere.

And essentially it was like if you just sort

of tell your dog no or do whatever, like you have

to replace the behavior, right?

If you're trying to get rid of a bad behavior, you have

to replace it with like a positive behavior.

If you replace, if you try to like stop a bad behavior,

like, like barking,

but you don't replace it with something your dog feels like

unsettled and like worse, right?

And so you have to find a way to like replace it.

So essentially, you know, giving them like a treat,

but you also have to do it in a way that your dog doesn't

like think that he's being rewarded

for scaring away the person.

And the way the video mentioned, it's like right now,

you know, your dog, uh, like he barks, you kind

of go get them away.

The person leaves your dog's like, oh,

I did my job, I crushed it, right?

And so it's like you have to make, find a way

to replace that behavior.

However, I don't know, I also think my dog's just like an

ingrained a*****e and he bit like a,

uh, Amazon delivery driver.

Speaking of Amazon lived in Arizona, I had

to pay him $26,000, which was a super fun thing.

Um, so I don't know, probably this dog is very lucky

that he's owned by, by my family and not, uh, anybody else.

Um, yeah, it was, it wasn't even a bad bite by the way.

And the guy was like up in our driveway at like 11 o'clock

at night and he walked up the

driveway instead of bringing his truck up.

Anyway, uh, I'm had to start taking him

to dog camp during these days.

Okay, so anyway, let's recap.

Lemme get this back on on schedule here, right?

So, okay, you've got the like, Hey,

hey, the guy's gone.

So the dog's just barking like an a*****e now.

Okay, so that's the difference. Something like bop, okay?

It goes right into the, um, MS.

Um, and so I look at the, um, MS like I said,

it's usually pretty much like,

like there's a logical connection between like,

like, all right, now you know the problem.

Here's the solution, right? So if we go back to, again,

neuro, we had this here, right?

So if you want to get relief from edema and your feet

and legs, and if you want reduce the swelling, stiffness,

and aches, you need to stimulate your calves

and their veining valves in your calves

to reduce the buildup

of the pooled blood in your calves and equals and feet.

How do you do that? Right?

Like, so now you know the solution at a macro level,

but what does that really mean, right?

So, you know, now you have this macro solution.

You gotta dig deeper, improve that.

There's something else in this case, right? Okay.

Most experts will tell you to move or start exercising.

That's great advice. Don't get me wrong.

Physical activities does wonderous

for simulating the vein valves in your calves.

But let's be honest, when you struggle with edema

and your feet are all swollen and painful, moving around,

let alone running and exercising is just not possible.

So you end up in this vicious cycle of agony.

You legs are swollen, painful,

and the best way to relieve it is to activate your muscles,

which can be done, only be done by moving around,

but you can't move because

your legs are painful and swollen.

So your feet and legs continue to expand,

like balloons ready to pop.

See how it works. That's why most people will never really

solve the problem and are stuck bedroom with painful,

oversized clown feet and legs their entire lives.

Luckily, there's now a better way.

This is the quickest way to relieve edema,

edema and swelling in your legs.

It doesn't require exercise.

It doesn't matter how old you are,

how bad your current condition is.

It doesn't matter if you're already,

if you already tried everything else with no results.

The simple affordable, doctor approved bedtime ritual

that you can do at home has the power

to stimulate the vein valves in your calves

and relieve the stubborn swelling

as if you let the air out of balloon.

It has nothing to do with existing solutions.

It's completely new. I know it existed,

but then I discovered this thing called NMES.

So in this case, like I mentioned this on our first call

from six 11 June 11th, um,

it's almost like a two part solution.

Not really, but it's really like they really have the macro

and they're like, now I gotta figure out

how to actually do it.

In this case, it's the EMS thing.

And then this is actually where more of the proof

and credibility comes in, is like on NMES, right?

So a reviewed a review policy in the Journal

of Rehabilitation Medicine discussed studies.

I explored the use of NMES

for reducing edema in various clinical settings,

including chronic venous and lymphatic conditions.

The results across these studies are positive, demonstrating

that NMES could reduce limb

swelling and improve quality of life.

So what is it? It's technology.

And it kind of goes in here and tells you, um, it goes on

to tell you how it works and the solution.

Now, what I wanna share with you is like,

and by the way, not that long, I sort of just give you the,

like the, the how the solution works and the partners.

And this gets into the product build

and reveal, which we'll go over on the next call.

If you look at the Beverly Hills, uh, pinch test, right?

So if we go back to this one and he is like, um, going

through it, asking these questions, mentions the ht uh,

you know, explains the problem with, it, explains

how it impacts collagen and as we had it here, right?

What does it have to do for routine?

Uh, even though Duran wasn't big on skincare makeup

for the past few years, she had been taking a natural herb

cause salt metal to help thicken her hair.

Now, ordinarily salt palmetto is used

to help combat hair loss in men.

In fact, Joanna said it was her husband

who first introduced her to it, but she loved how full

and healthy it made her hair look too.

So she figured, why not? But remember

what I said about DHT being linked to hair loss.

Well, the reason salt palmetto is such an effective solution

is it helps naturally inhibit the effects of this hormone,

even as your body's production of an increases of age.

So this is kind of where we're getting to like the,

um, uh, s here.

It's like the problem is DHC in this case, we're sort

of introducing that there's an ingredient

and the ingredient, uh, you know, acts on D ht, right?

So it solves the problem and it's logically connected.

But then, like I was saying to Armen in human trials, people

who took saw report have significantly lower levels of D HT

and their system in the placebo group after just six months.

So not only was the supplement doing wonders

for Joanne's hair, it was actually helping her skin stay

firmer and more lifted looking too.

Um, that said, if your goal is to look younger,

taking salt palmetto by itself won't do much good

because while it's great for stabilizing your body's natural

collagen production, it doesn't make up

for the collagen that's already been lost.

But as luck would have it, Joanne had unwind been pairing

with something that does,

and that's gonna go to another ingredient.

And so this is kind of interesting

because like I said, really the unique mechanism

of solutions is like a two part thing here, right?

Part of it's like stop DHT

'cause DHT is what's kind of like killing your firmness

of your skin and cause you to sag.

But then you also need to like actually, you know,

restore the firmness, right?

And he is like, so here's what the next part.

And again, in this, in this case,

and in some health offers are structured this way.

Um, like each of the unique mechanism things is like, or,

or like the ingredients are each part of the mechanism

and he kinda explains it.

Um, in this case, these two dietary supplements

that are helping, right?

Um, and it's supplements, amino acids

and dietary horne acid or, uh, yeah, di dietary onic acid.

And it, you know, basically helps your skin

explain how it does it.

By the way, they also impact DHT.

Again, here's onic acid, here's why it helps.

Um, and then it has like more studies

kind of supporting how this happens.

So again, this is the part where you,

you kind of layer in the studies.

And then finally, if we go back to our private label thing,

in this case, it's really kind

of going more into teaching mode, right?

He's teaching how this works right away.

So you know, the margins are high

and he sort showing you like what you do with it, right?

What to make a sale. Uh, you know,

Amazon takes care of everything else.

Um, lets you leverage the power of Amazon a few days

and it sort of just goes in.

I mean, this part, again, the US is a little different.

I think I'll do this biz op one as a whole separate,

uh, dissection.

But I wanna show you how the background story part was

really the same, right?

And how you hit on UMP

and how this u there's a unique mechanism here.

I'll share this resource too.

But basically I do wanna go

through biz op on like a whole day of biz op

and we'll do some short BSLs and other funnel formats too.

Um, but the goal of this right now is to kind of just go

through like these structural things.

So you kind just start thinking about, okay,

what's in the background story?

What's the mechanism, the problem if you have one,

and then what's like the solution, right?

And then kind of how are you presenting it?

And again, typically it is like

this is the general solution,

but I had to dial it in, right?

For bop, this is the general solution I discovered I had

to dial it in, right?

Um, for health, it's like the general solution is

to fix the system or process in your body,

but how do you actually do it well,

these ingredients, right?

Um, and so, yeah, I don't know.

I just wanted to go over I'm, again, I just, I'm trying

to think what the issues I see when I review, uh,

people's VSLs and ca pro for feedback.

I think the background story, one would

be sometimes that it's too long.

Um, like for example in the Payne story, like, this is good,

but it has to keep moving.

Like you saw that with, uh, the, uh,

Beverly Hills MD one.

I think that with the biz op one here, right?

The high ticket. The one thing I do think is like, um,

you know, it doesn't really relate this back to the,

the viewer ever throughout, right?

It kinda shares a story.

I joined, I did Costco, I, IIII, right?

It's kinda got eye syndrome what I would call it.

And so I do think one thing that would make this stronger

is like, you know, um,

so I don't know how you, you know,

what you think about Costco,

but for a kid like me coming outta high school,

it sounded like an amazing opportunity, right?

Um, you know,

it's like I thought they could see my work

ethic and responsibilities as an employee.

Uh, I'll be student before I started to jump.

But the longer I worked 'em, I realized that no,

how hard I worked, the system

wasn't set to toward their best workers.

Instead, every time my management spot opened,

they would always pick the person who had been working there

the longest, despite the fact that I worked

circles around the same people.

Like, have you, have you ever been in a job like that?

Maybe you're in a job like that right now where it's like,

it's hard to stay motivated

because you know, it doesn't matter

how much you effort you put in, you know,

there's a hierarchy or like a system where, you know,

the people who a seniority system, um,

and you know, they talk about in America how, you know,

hard work I think is possible.

But the reality is when you're part

of some big corporate machine, it's less about hard work

and more about, you know,

can you keep training water long enough

until someone pulls you up until like, you know,

gives you the gift of like upper

management or, or management at all.

And you know, those timelines can be brutal too, right?

Well, you know, that's how it was at Costco for me at least.

And it really upset me because here I was giving it my all

working harder than any everyone, right?

So it's just like those little

things you could do to check it in.

Like to me that's like, I think an opportunity

for this swipe here if I was doing it is like trying

to check in with the, uh, with the reader a bit more.

Um, and I think that's the something that people

sometimes struggle with too.

Um, the mechanisms, I've, I've talked about it, you know,

a bit before, but like I think it's really just sort

of overcomplicating them.

And then like we talked about,

I did a whole session on mechanisms for who's newer.

You can go back and look at it on the

weekly, uh, call recordings.

But like it needs

to be saying you can really instantly grasp

and go share with somebody if you do have a UMP, right?

So it's like DHT is a hormone that

basically destroys collagen in your skin and makes it sag.

So you wanna stop DHT from doing that.

It gets worse during menopause.

You wanna stop DHT from doing that

and you wanna kind of increase collagen production,

you won't have wrinkles, right?

That's sort of the mechanism idea for that.

For the, um, neuro, neuro one, it's like

your heart sends blood down to your calves, your calves,

they contract and pump blood back up to your heart.

But if there's muscles weaken because you're sitting

or you get older, whatever it is, they can't contract.

Blood doesn't go up to your heart instead of pulls.

That's why you have edema, right? So easy.

'cause the problem that people will do is like go,

I was do neuro as an example.

It's like in the calves, once it's in the calves,

this hormone called BH five

one, I'm just making that up, right?

Like is released BH five one, uh, you know,

targets the mitochondria in your cells

and when the cells become less active,

and this goes to your lymph lymphatic G like gus,

which is part of your gut, which is like they try

and add so much other s**t in,

and it's like, now it's hard for me to explain it.

So like, how do you keep the mechanism where it's very,

like, it's legit, like it really makes sense.

There's like, you know, it is believable

and there's proof elements, but that also,

you could hear it one or two times

and just go tell somebody like, hey, here's like, oh,

this is why, you know, you have edema.

This is like, you know, like this doctor,

this plastic surgeon guy I was talking about DHC,

like my husband had talk, said he heard of it,

but I didn't know how us women had to worry about it, right?

Whatever it is. Um,

and again, if this was like sort of an FBA thing,

like if there was UMP in here, I'd be like, you know, like,

oh dude, like yeah, like that was,

I watched a video from this guy where like private label

stuff is, is, um, this is a huge mistake.

Everyone makes a private label that like, uh, you know,

here's the thing that would tell you about private

label or, or FBA, right?

Like, here's the issue with it,

but actually, like, apparently if you do this other thing,

uh, it can be really successful, right?

So it's gotta be like that really like intuitive thing.

Um, and then on the um, MS side, I think like,

it's pretty self-explanatory to be honest with you.

Um, it's just a matter of like, okay,

here's like the solution, it's logically connected.

We just kinda summed up what the problem was.

So if that's the problem, here's the solution.

And then kind of like,

what, what does that actually look like?

And for health, it's like ingredients for

bop it's like a system or a way to sell on Amazon.

And you sort of got getting into

that sort of like the how of it.

So lemme pause there and,

and does anyone have questions specific to this training?

And then let's do that first and then

after that you've got more broad specific questions.

I'm happy to answer some of those too.