Hello again. All right,

so in this video we're going to be looking at that same mechanism

generation process we did previously, but for the

peptide space. So the kind of UMP idea generation,

and then we will save unique mechanisms that we like,

have different LLMs evaluate them.

And kind of decide which one to go for.

So the same thing we did with, uh,

the Airbnb example, okay? So,

same kind of prompt, right? Today I want your help coming up with this

many unique mechanism ideas for a product in the skincare space.

Uhm,

I'm going to say, you know, as possible for a product.

Specific product is a peptide ice cream.

I've attached a research brief, right? That's your universal research document,

or we called it, uhm, expression mechanism.

For this exercise, let's specifically focus on people in the market who are solution

aware. So if you go back to the product market awareness thing that I

just keep talking about, uhm,

you know, we kind of had agreed that for this market,

I'll show you,

pretty much the way I viewed it,

especially everyone who is problem aware is also solution

aware, right? Uhm,

like this is kind of like the way Gemini did this here is like

where they fall into like the mix. but essentially,

If you're solution aware, then you're also problem aware,

obviously, right? And a lot of them are also product aware and most aware,

but, you know, in our case, solution aware was looking for eye creams,

all that kind of stuff, not specifically looking for peptide stuff.

It's probably what the biggest segment is, makes the most sense to go for

them, that's why we are going for that demo,

right? Uhm, sorry,

I don't know what the hell I have going on there. So,

the other thing I did though, if I'm doing this for a supplement,

or in this case a skin care eye cream,

additionally I have included a list

of product ingredients for your consideration. Here is the list,

right? Go ahead and get started now. So,

I did this in a few different places. I did it with,

um, sorry, let's see what's in there.

First I did it with Gemini Deep Research.

And, spoiler, it again was definitely my favorite,

but I'll show you in several LMs. I am not,

for this one, going to read through all of its sort of

preamble. Like I did in Airbnb Arbitrage,

watch that one if you want to kind of see that entire journey with

me. While this is a summary of things that we've found out through research,

through psychographic research,

comparative research, problem market,

market, you know, product awareness research,

all of that. Okay,

so I'm kind of skipping through all this to where it starts giving me

specific mechanism concepts, okay? Uhm,

so let's get to those.

Section 2, unique mechanism concept 1, the dermal disarray realignment.

Now, you may say,

cool, or you may say,

dermal disarray realignment, that sounds kind of made up.

I don't know about that. That's how I feel.

When I personally look at it, I'm like, dermal disarray realignment.

However, we're not idiots.

So, because we're not idiots,

we can, we have the power to abstract out and go,

maybe the mechanism is still good, and the name they gave it is just

bad, right? And because we're not,

we're all smart people here, we're not gonna just sort of dismiss this because

we're because of the name, because guess what, we could always change the name.

And I don't mean that to be like, it came out more cynical sounding

than I meant for it to, it just is a pet peeve of mine,

I think, where someone, oh,

I don't like that name, now I'm dismissive about it, right?

It's like, well, let's see what they have to say.

Okay, the problem. Dermal disarray, the hidden structural chaos.

For years, the prevailing narrative sold to this consumer has been one of simple

collage and logic. She has been told that her skin is wrinkling and losing

firmness because this crucial protein is depleting with age.

This explanation, however, is incomplete and fails to account for why the numerous collagen

boosting products she has tried have proven inadequate.

The real, more insidious problem is not just loss,

but disorganization. The underlying issue is a state of dermal disarray,

where her existing collagen fibers have become tangled,

weakened, and chaotic. Instead of a strong,

tightly woven mesh providing firm support, her dermal structure has devolved into a disorganized

tangle. This structural chaos is what allows the skin to fold into permanent wrinkles

and loses youthful tautness. This can be visualized using the analogy of a tent.

Her previous solutions were like trying to patch small holes in the tent's fabric,

addressing collagen loss, but the real problem is that the tent poles have collapsed

and become jumbled, dermal disarray. No matter how perfectly the fabric is patched,

the tent has no structure and cannot stand firm.

The feeling of skin losing its snap and lines becoming permanently etched is

far better described by this kind of catastrophic structural failure than by simple depletion.

By defining the problem as dermal disarray,

we create a new knowledge gap and position our solution as uniquely equipped to

address this previously undiagnosed issue.

The solution, UMS, the biome is called the biotensegrity signal in smart materials.

The solution to dermal disarray is not to crudely attempt to pump more material

into a collapsed structure, but to restore its architectural integrity.

This is achieved through a two-part system that reestablishes order and provides the precise

materials for reconstruction. The biotensegrity signal,

dipalmetol hydroxyproline,

the primary The primary dipalmetol hydroxyproline,

is introduced not as a generic peptide, but as a biotensegrity signaling molecule.

Its specific function is to command the skin's own machinery to correct the chaos.

It works by stimulating the contraction of existing collagen fibers,

effectively pulling the tangled network taut and restoring its organized,

strong, and resilient structure.

This process activates, effectively firms the tissues and helps optimize the arrangement of collagen

fibers. To ensure this critical signal reaches its target,

DPHP is chemically modified with palmic acid,

a fatty acid that increases its lithiolic,

uh, lipophilicity,

allowing it to penetrate the skin's lipid layers and work deep within the dermis

where the disarray exists. The smart material is amino acids.

Once the managed rebuild has been issued, the skin needs the right building blocks

on site. We've got these amino acids.

There's a protective shield with DHPH, which also acts as a guardian. Okay? So

what do I think of this mechanism? Eh. It's okay.

It's save it.

It's good enough that you could use different names.

You could put it into Claude or someone, and say, hey,

I know Yo, here's a mechanism for this eye serum.

I think it's a little confusing. How could we simplify it?

What are three different ways we could explain this using different metaphors and analogies?

Three different ways we could explain this To somebody right like

essentially maybe said that different way this makes sense as it sounds it feels

a little bit technical so while I'm going to

Save it. It is not my it's just a lot of kind of the

biotensegrity all these sorts of things It's a lot right doesn't mean

It couldn't be saying that makes sense So we put it into our little

document where we take the example just like the last thing we take mechanism

Outputs we like we're gonna put it here, okay The crack dehydration debt

in the hydromagnetic wall So again,

I'm just gonna say as a universal I wouldn't worry about nicknames always sometimes

they're great Like I really like some of them for Airbnb Sometimes it may

not be great, but we can change the names, right?

That's not the end of the road Okay, the problem chronic dehydration debt a

crisis of retention a tight papery and creepy creepy texture that plagues the delicate

under-eye skin Is not simply dryness. It is a symptom of a much deeper

more persistent issue chronic dehydration debt Over years hormonal shifts particularly during

perimenopause and menopause and cumulative environmental damage have systematically destroyed the

skin's natural moisture anchors the carbohydrate complexes within the stratum perineum that are part

of the natural moisturizing factor NMF I do like moisture anchors.

I think that's an interesting Concept so note that right now.

I like moisture anchors This explains why standard hydrators including the widely

touted hyaluronic acid have provided only fleeting relief.

These ingredients act like a temporary cash infusion for a business with no bank

account. They draw moisture to the skin's surface creating a temporary plumping effect.

However, because the skin's moisture anchors are broken,

this water cannot be held. It quickly evaporates into the atmosphere through a process

called transepidermal water loss leaving the skin just as dehydrated or even more so.

A few hours later, a few hours later. In low humidity environments,

standard hyaluronic acid can even accelerate this step by pulling moisture from the deeper

levels of the skin up to the surface where it is then lost.

The cycle of temporary hydration followed by rapid evaporation perfectly explains the trial and

error exhaustion with moisturizers that promise much but deliver little lasting effect.

The solution. The hydromagnetic lock system.

To truly solve the chronic dehydration debt,

the skin needs more than just a temporary infusion of water.

It needs a fundamental ability to retain water restored.

This is accomplished with a sophisticated two-level hydration system that both locks in moisture

at the surface and replenishes it from deep within.

The lock, saccharide isomerate. The revolutionary ingredient

saccharide isomerate is positioned as the hydromagnetic lock.

This plant-derived carbohydrate complex has a unique molecular structure that makes the skin's own

NMF, both a crucial component to the It forms a powerful covalent bond with

the keratin in the skin's outermost layer. This bond is so strong that it

acts like a magnet for water, and critically, it cannot be washed away.

By attaching itself to the skin, saccharide isomerate creates a long-lasting moisture reservoir that

delivers continuous hydration for up to 72 hours.

It doesn't just add water, it fundamentally restores the skin's ability to hold onto

it, effectively reinstalling the moisture anchors that were lost.

Poot too, paying the deep debts. Working in perfect synergy with the surface

lock is sodium hyaluronate. While often marketed interchangeably with hyaluronic acid,

it possesses a key structural advantage, a much smaller molecular size.

This smaller size allows it to penetrate through the skin barrier and reach the

deep layers of the dermis, something standard high-molecular-weight hyaluronic acid cannot do.

While saccharide isomerate is locking down the surface,

sodium hyaluronate, Oh my god, I can't talk. ,sodium hyaluronate is traveling

deep to replenish the depleted hydration reserves from within,

effectively paying off the debt at its source. This two-pronged approach creates a complete

hydration solution that is logically superior to anything she has tried before.

It addresses both the symptom, surface dryness,

and the root cause, an ability to retain water,

ensuring both immediate visual plumping and deep long-term restoration of the skin's hydration system.

Alright, so what about this one? I like it.

Uhm, again, I don't necessarily love the names.

I like the idea of moisture anchors a lot.

I wonder about the sort of specific issues of fine lines,

wrinkles, those sorts of things.

Like, I think this is good for hydration and glowing skin.

I don't know that it really addresses some of those deeper problems or pain

points. So, uhm. I like it. Those are my objections.

I'm going to add this one to our list.

And,

we're going to keep going. Alright,

next up. The Elastase Cascade Neutralizer.

Again, these names are not good for actual copy.

Like, imagine,

why are they not good? Think about it. If you're talking to, like, your

mom or your wife. Or a woman in that age range.

By that age range, really anything. Like, 30 to 80.

Someone's like, oh yeah, it's an Elastase, uhm,

Elastase Cascade Neutralizer. You're like, what the f*** are you talking about,

right? So, the names aren't good. But, that's okay.

For us, internally, fine.

The problem. The Elastase Cascade, the Invisible Thief of Firmness.

The appearance of crow's feet and the loss of firmness around the eyes are

often presented as a passive effect. The Elastase Cascade

is a relentless,

invisible process where

this enzyme systematically seeks out and severs the skin's elastin

fibers. The protein network's responsible for the skin's elasticity and snapback quality.

Every time the last one is broken, the skin's ability to rebound from exposure

is is diminished, allowing fine lines to become permanently etched into the skin.

Most firming creams fail because they focus exclusively on building collagen while completely ignoring

the active demolition of the elastin network.

This is akin to hiring a construction crew to build a house while a

demolition team is still actively working on the site, and new structures are composed-

are compromised before they are even completed. This explains why results from many firming

products are minimal, temporary, or non-existent, and why her skin continues to lose its

resilience despite her best efforts.

By naming this specific enzymatic enemy,

we create a new knowledge gap and reduce the problem that her previous products

were not designed to fight. The solution,

the elast- elastin-guardian complex.

Uhm, so we need to basically guard against elastin

loss. Okay. I think,

again, frankly, okay.

Not mind-blowing,

but okay. Alright,

next one.

The oxidative depletion loop,

when defenses fail. The consumer is familiar with

the concept of free radical damage, however the generic term fails to capture the

systemic crisis occurring in her skin.

The real problem is a self-perpetuating downward spiral.

called the oxidative depletion loop. This would be the name I like the most

so far, because it sounds like the most believable.

The loop begins when the skin's natural antioxidant defenses become overwhelmed by the constant

onslaught of environmental aggressors like UV radiation and pollution.

Each time an antioxidant molecule, such as vitamin E,

neutralizes the damaging free radical, the antioxidant molecule becomes spent or oxidized,

rendering it useless. In youthful, healthy skin,

these spent antioxidants are quickly replaced and quickly regenerate,

however in skin over 40, the regeneration system slows down and the defense becomes

progressively depleted. This creates a vicious cycle.

Fewer active antioxidants lead to more unrepaired damage,

which in turn creates more free radicals, further depleting the already weakened defenses.

This is the oxidative depletion loop, and it manifests virtually as stubborn dark circles,

a dull, lifeless complexion,

and perpetually tired look that doesn't match how she feels inside.

This explains why simply applying a single antioxidant like basic vitamin C or vitamin

E cream has not been enough. This product is for a temporary supply

of soldiers, but do nothing to fix the broken supply chain,

ultimately failing to break the cycle.

Solution, the antioxidant regeneration engine.

I don't like that name. The only way to break the oxidative depletion loop

is to install a system that doesn't just supply antioxidants,

but actively regenerates them. Solution is a powerful,

synergistic combination of vitamin C and vitamin E,

which function together as an antioxidant regeneration engine.

I'm just like, I'm gonna actually skip this one. The reason I'm not gonna

do it is because I don't think vitamin E and vitamin C are exciting

enough for a skincare product, right? I think we need more exotic

or unique ingredients like than vitamin E,

vitamin C, which while popular are pretty well known.

And I don't think that they're the heroes or stars of our formulation.

All right, what about the lipid barrier breach and inflammaging,

okay? This mechanism focuses on the skin's most fundamental point of failure,

its first line of defense. The problem is the lipid barrier breach.

The skin's protective outer layer, the stratum corneum,

can be visualized as a brick and mortar wall.

The skin cells are the bricks, the lipids are surrounding them are the mortar.

With age, hormonal changes, and environmental stress, the lipid mortar begins to degrade,

developing microscopic cracks and gaps. This breach also has two devastating consequences

that are directly mapped to consumers' frustrations. Uncontrolled moisture loss,

the cracks in the barrier act like an open window, allowing the skin's precious

moisture to escape unchecked. This leads to the chronic dryness,

tightness, and flakiness she experiences. To get away,

the inflammaging, more insensitive continuously.

The breach creates an open door for external irritants,

pollutants, and allergens to penetrate deep into the skin.

This constant influx of foreign invaders triggers the immune system,

creating a state of persistent, low-grade inflammation.

Scientists have given this phenomenon a new name, inflammaging,

but I'm like, whatever, to be honest with you. The solution is a biomimetic

seal. Basically,

patch cracks restore the barrier's integrity.

I mean, I like the idea of a biomimetic barrier seal.

I don't really like the first part of it, but because I like the

idea of a seal, I'm gonna go ahead and save this one.

You know what else I'm gonna do? Just, uh,

go here. Okay,

that has a little summary here,

okay? So, one thing,

this is a case where I'm gonna

just test for perplex- I have a bunch of other mechanisms too,

but I'm gonna test for perplexity's deep research.

I'm gonna

upload a PDF. It should be asking

me questions, so let's just see here. I'm gonna let it run in

the background while we go to the next one.

Okay, so I ran the perplexity one.

You want to see that one now? Why not?

Let's look at perplexity now, okay? Let's see if there are any gaps.

Okay, number one.

The preorbital collagen depletion mechanism.

Most eye creams fail because they only address surface symptoms while ignoring the,

oh sorry, periorbital area loss, er,

that the periorbital area loses collagen at 3x the rate of other facial zones

due to its uniquely thin skin structure and constant moving,

creating a collagen desert with the Standard Board of Restorators Camp Pantry.

Our dipalmetol hydroxyproline works as a collagen preservation shield

that not only stimulates new collagen synthesis but uniquely preserves existing collagen by inhibiting

the special elastase enzymes that break down collagen in the eye area,

creating a dual action approach that both builds and protects.

So while it's not as eloquently written as Gemini's

deep research. I actually like that and part of it is

because, you know,

I think elastase is a worthwhile thing to talk about in addition to collagen,

but it's much more simplified. I think this is like things that are,

like, my one concern with the way Gemini

framed some of those ICER mechanisms

we looked at is that perhaps it's a little bit over complicated,

right? Uhm,

and it's funny because I feel like the over complicating worked well for Airbnb

arbitrage, but I don't know that I like the over complicating

for saying, like, skincare, where women just kind of want to know what's going

on. because,

They're already product aware, right?

Or they're, they're like, solution aware, and a lot of them,

sorry, they're already solution aware at a high level. So,

they just sort of want more of the facts. We saw that in our

psychographic research and things too, right? They research,

but they kind of don't want complicated things and all this,

right? The Airbnb arbitrage one we looked at,

it's like, people who are just sort of problem aware,

and could even be kind of unaware. We're talking to more about

broader level about income and essentially just like,

hey, stop trading time for money,

right? Biz op mechanisms are usually pretty simple,

but people make them, part of the trick is making them seem more complex

and sophisticated and all that. Right now, for better or worse,

don't shoot the messenger, right? Uhm,

and so, actually,

you know, like simpler things for health and wellness,

and in general you should too. I see this very often where

I think people just really overcomplicate the mechanisms, and And I really, I think

I've gotten to a place now for health, beauty, things of that nature.

where you typically see these simpler mechanisms win more often.

So, I actually like that one. Even though it's really simple,

probably my favorite so far. We'll just be curious to see what the

other LLMs say when we evaluate.

Okay, cellular communication breakdown.

The real reason iRequests persist is that aging skin cells around the eyes lose

their ability to communicate with each other after 40, creating a cellular signaling breakdown

where even healthy cells can't coordinate repair processes,

making standard anti-aging ingredients effective.

Our peptide complex functions as cellular signal restorers that re-establish the critical communication

pathways between skin cells, allowing them to synchronize to repair activities and work together

again, similar to how a conductor coordinates an orchestra.

This seems like, to be honest with you, a mediocre mechanism that I would

see in CA Pro from, like, one of the copywriters of a business owner

in it, and be like, I have no idea if it's gonna work or

not.

My gut on why I don't like this and I'm not gonna add it

to my sheet would be I don't think it's a great mechanism. The reason

I don't think it's a great mechanism is I think this idea of,

like, cellular communication inherently becomes more and more complicated.

Inherently, you're making more of a leap, right? It's like,

you've got these cells, the cells are communicating,

the communications are scrambled, the scrambling,

it's like, there's a lot of shit in there that I need to sort

of, like, conceptualize, believe is true,

that I can't really conceptualize, sometimes my cell is communicating,

the communication to being jammed, whatever it is,

right? Versus the error.

The area around your eyes loses collagen three times faster than other areas of

your face due to its unique structure,

in fact, it creates what's called a collagen desert, and it can't be penetrated

by standard moisturizers, right?

This peptide works as a, basically,

collagen, I don't know if I would use a preservation shield,

but for now, right? It not only stimulates new collagen synthesis,

so you're rebuilding collagen, or creating new collagen,

but preserves existing collagen by inhibiting or stopping,

uhm, these enzymes that would normally break down collagen in the eye area,

so it's basically this dual-action approach that both builds and protects around your skin,

right? And obviously, we'd make this much more in-depth, which we know for the

Quad Project and ability to do,

but that to me is easy to understand,

this one is less easy to understand. The Dermal-Epidermal Junction Collapse Mechanism.

Enough, I mean, this is basically what our mechanism is for OPAL.

I wonder if it's citing us. That's funny,

right? That is our current one,

but it'll be fun as a test. We'll add this one in,

okay? Traditional eye creams fail because they don't address the critical structural collapse of

the dermal-epidermal junction, the architectural foundation between skin layers that flattens with age,

causing the eye area to lose its structural integrity and create a perforated skin.

Permanent state of skin lax- laxity, peptide formation contains junction rebuilders

that target and reinforce this crucial skin foundation,

rebuilding the wave-like structure of the DAG to restore the architectural support systems that

keep eye skin firm and resilient. So I'm like,

biased, but, you

know, I like, obviously like this one, uh,

I did it before. I guess I'll do the header so it's more consistent.

Yeah, this is like, basically, obviously much more depth,

but like, what our actual mechanism is currently, right?

The periorbital skin suffers from a circadian rhythm dysfunction where the natural 24-hour repair

cycle of skin cells becomes desynchronized after 40, preventing proper nighttime regeneration,

causing x-rayed aging around the eyes. Our proprietary serum contains chronobiology

regulators that resynchronize the skin's natural repair clock.

Uh, this one, I actually don't hate,

like, as far as, like, if you were doing, like, a nighttime eye serum,

but it also is kind of bullshit, we don't have a chronobiology regulator,

like, you know,

fine, and you still have to make a mental leap to the idea of,

like, you know, the circadian rhythm,

your, the skin has a special 24-hour rhythm that gets thrown off,

like, more of a cognitive leap has to happen.

So I'm out. Okay,

quackation damage.

Quackation damage, where the hidden cause of stubborn eye wrinkles is quackation damage,

where sugar molecules in the bloodstream attach to collagen proteins around the eyes,

creating harmful advanced quackation end products that stiffen and distort collagen,

making it impossible for conventional moisturizers to restore elasticity.

Our formula contains anti-glycation peptide technology with dipolymethyl

hydroxyproline that specifically targets and breaks the damage,

damaging sugar protein structure. Deaging bonds while protecting new collagen from quackation,

effectively de-aging the collagen matrix around the eyes.

People use AGEs a lot, my knowledge about it is like,

it's sort of 50-50 about if there's a big winner there,

but I actually think it's a decent mechanism,

it goes on the list. Why is it a decent mechanism?

Um,

this idea of sugars attaching to proteins that sort of like destroy

collagen, and like, sugar in your blood is sort of known to be a

bad thing, the idea of sugar in your blood is like,

destroying collagen and elasticity, people think about sugar and inflammation,

this thing basically stops the sugar-protein bonds,

right? Is there actually some science to back that up?

Possibly. Um.

The idea

of like a periorbital microbiome here,

is a protective ecosystem of beneficial bacteria that maintains,

uh, skin health around the eyes,

but becomes imbalanced with age and harsh products.

That's interesting.

I think this is what I would call a big swing, right?

Basically, Talking

about, like, a, people know about the microbiome,

like the ecosystem of bacteria in your gut. We know it's been proven to

work in your gut, because it's, you know, what is going on in your

gut. It's also worked in dental offers,

for like, the ClickBank world, of like, they're sort of, Bad bacteria,

good bacteria, bad bacteria is taken over in your mouth,

right? We do know that sort of probiotic,

Probiotics for skincare is a category,

well, I know, that, uh,

works, uhm.

We don't have a probiotic-heavy formula,

so I don't think this is my winner, but it's not a bad idea.

We're saving, right? So,

we'll pop it here. And I want to know.

As annoying as it is to do. How many more are there?

Oh my gosh, a lot more, right? This is sort of why you

really need to be LLM agnostic,

and ideally you're running these prompts on multiple LLMs.

I see it all the time on, like,

Twitter or other places, where people will go,

which one is better? Cloud is better now, I'm cancelling ChatGPT,

and it, like, literally does not compute for me.

Like, I get it if you are just super broke,

and you're like, man, I, you know, like, this is a huge thing for

me. Like,

I would cancel Netflix before I'd cancel, like, one of my LLM subscriptions. I

would, because Netflix isn't going to make me money. This is.

I would cancel, you know, Hulu.

I would cancel a lot of things. Uhm,

I just don't, get it,

to be honest with you. Uhm,

you're just thinking of it in, like, a really linear way. If,

if you think that way, you really need to try to

rewire your brain to think that there's just,

like, you can, like, you're, that you can just use one LLM.

You, you need to use several, okay? Uhm,

okay. The stress hormone accumulation mechanism,

the real reason iBags are in dark circles for cysts is cortisol accumulation because

chronically, it's chronically elevated in the delicate eye area after 40,

causing fluid retention, capillary fragility,

and collagen breakdown that standard eye creams can't address.

I don't know if this is true, this is actually very interesting.

Peptide complex acts as a cortisol buffer that intercepts and neutralizes excess cortisol molecules

before they can damage the eye area while simultaneously strengthening capillary walls to prevent

the leakage that causes dark circles and puffiness. It's actually very interesting.

I, again, might shy away from it.

I kind of like my mechanisms more on the nose.

If you go back to the DEJ one, it's very physiological.

It's like, there's this, like,

connection point between layers of your skin,

it separates as it separates from your face. A cavern ensues.

When a cavern, a hole, like a vacuum gets filled,

right? In this case, skin sinks in, wrinkles appear,

puffiness, like, or bags, right? Like, all that kind of stuff.

Like, the other part's coming up. It's like erupting, like,

fault lines, like an earthquake plate's coming up.

Like, it's a very, I still think we could honestly explain it better on

our PVP, our product page, but I really like that mechanism of the way

we have it. Um,

and in fact, what I might do for fairness is I might take the

version of it from our website and put that version in instead of the

version that came up for perplexity to see,

right? I like all of that, and then the other one about just sort

of causing loss to happen to 3x faster,

whatever the other stuff was, was like number one,

right? And there's a collagen desert. It's very simple, but I like that.

So I like cortisol because women are all very aware of cortisol.

Hormonal stuff is popular. It's very interesting.

I don't rank it as, like, the strongest one,

though, um,

because it's less physiological and it's more with this other hormone.

And I think it works pretty hormonal stuff works really well, but I don't

know that it works really well for, like, skin care.

Okay. I mean,

it can, I don't know. It just, I, I think it's,

it's more, again,

I want as few cognitive leaps as possible.

I want stuff they kind of know is true.

And here's the one thing you were missing. Okay. The cellular water channel dysfunction

mechanism. Traditional eye service failed because they don't address the,

Aquaporin dysfunction where the microscopic water channels and skin cells aquaporins become

damaged with age, preventing proper hydration from reaching the deeper layers of the eye

area and creating dehydration from within our saccharate isomerate functions as aquaporin channel

restores that repair and optimize these critical cellular water pathways,

allowing moisture to properly flow between skin cells again and creating deep,

lasting hydration that surface moisturizers can achieve.

This one kind of has the same thing with those hydration anchors or moisture

anchors or whatever. I actually like it a lot.

I like this idea of, like, these microscopic water channels where your skin are

damaged and basically hydration can't reach the deeper layers.

We would need to tie it into wrinkles and dark circles and things of

that nature. But, this is actually one of my ones I like

a lot, uh, that, one of my preferred ones of what we've gone over

so far. Okay, I know we've got a lot,

but by the way, people talk about having trouble finding ideas for unique mechanisms.

I don't think you can credibly talk about that anymore.

Okay, mitochondrial energy crisis, uhm, this is gonna basically be mitochondria, the power cells

in your eyes produce less energy after 40,

means your eye cells aren't fueled. Mitochondrias are having a moment,

the idea of, like, mitochondrial things. I don't like this one the most.

I've never loved mitochondria mechanisms,

but they do work sometimes, so we're gonna add it to our list as

well. I know I'm glancing over this one,

but there's like a billion, you know what I mean, so.

Because they don't address periorbital lymphatic congestion,

where the microscopic drainage channels around the eyes become sluggish with age,

trapping toxins in fluid that creates puffiness in dark circles that topical caffeine can

only temporarily mask. Our peptide formulation contains lymphatic flow

enhancers. Do we have this ingredient?

I don't think we actually have this ingredient, so So, I'm going to skip

this one since we don't actually have that in here. Uhm, this one is

interesting.

I will,

I will credit

Increasingly impermeable after 40, impermeable means hard to penetrate,

right, uh, preventing even high quality peptides from reaching their cellular targets and

rendering them ineffective regardless of their concentration.

Our formula utilizes biomimetic delivery technology with amino acids,

proline, glycine, and alanine that mimic the skin's natural structure,

allowing our peptides to bypass the barrier through cellular recognition and achieve 3X greater

penetration to their target sites.

So there's some questions there. There's a the validity of that,

but I don't hate that.

It's kind of, it's an easy, why do I actually, I mean, I kind

of like it, why do I kind of like it, uhm, because the reason

these things don't work now like they did when you were younger is because

your skin's actually It's

almost like a paradox, I would, you'd have to go deeper, like, there's a

weird paradox, right, your skin's thinner, but it's actually harder to penetrate,

and so a lot of stuff just, even though it didn't use to sit

on the top, it does now, and the problem is most moisturizers,

other things aren't going to do it, right, ours is different,

why is ours just different? Well, we basically have these special amino acids that

can mimic the skin's natural structure and allow our peptide to bypass the barrier

through cellular recognition to get through your skin. What I would change with this

is the reason most eye serums, instead of peptides, and this is a tiny

thing, uhm, high quality, uhm, you know, formulas, I'm going to put high

quality

ingredients, like that,

because I want to talk to problem aware Take And

solution aware people, but not necessarily product aware people,

right? Okay, last one,

the collagen fiber disorganization, disorganization mechanism Sort

of tangled collagen fibers, uhm,

we had that from Gemini as well, so,

cool, I'm going to skip it, because we already sort of have it once

Now, I'm not going to go through, I'm going to, you know,

require some time. I did chat GPT-03 Pro without

deep research, it gave mechanisms,

but to be honest with you, it was sort of like whatever,

I didn't think it was great Uhm,

not just the nicknames, but it's sort of like whatever,

like, there's ideas, it'd be worth reading if I was,

you know, going to write this right now,

I would still read through it and save ideas Uhm,

but I needed, I did chat GPT,

deep research here, they had, uhm,

kind of the same issue I mentioned with the Airbnb arbitrage,

it's sort of like trying to do nicknames to explain really basic.

physiological processes. It's not,

like, actually going

deep into, like, the real reasons, right?

So, again, if I was, you know,

there's nothing, it's not bad, but I'm just not so in

love with these and I need to do it. This was Gemini 2.5

Pro, not deep research,

hormonal cliff and scaffolding damage, zombie cells,

glycation stiffening, we kind of talked about that one from perplexity.

This idea of, like, a barrier breach, the skin under

your eyes is thin, the skin under your body is bleached, indeficient moisture barrier,

you have cracks, moisture evaporates,

so we kind of saw things like that already. And I asked Claude,

Claude did okay, but honestly,

just had to trust my, trust me that, uhm,

they weren't that good either,

right? So, in this case, what I found,

what I liked the most were from Gemini and probably,

more than anything, Perplexity, okay? So,

we have all these here.

I mean, Tango Collagen is not a bad idea, if this one got rephrased,

but it's not my favorite. It's okay, though. Uhm,

I like this sort of dehydration debt,

but I think, like, my issue with this was,

like, I actually liked this a lot, but it was just moisture-focused,

so they got all the pain points. The Elastase one,

I didn't love the fact that it was,

I don't know that elastase is a good enough. They'll put barrier breach and

inflammation. This one here,

that was okay.

Which one had the anchors in it?

Was that, Yeah,

so it was a dehydration. So I like the moisture anchors content.

Uhm,

from Perplexity, I like the sort of periorbital

collagen depletion mechanism. It's sort of simple,

but I like it. The DEJ one I like,

but I'd probably rather take it from the

copy format we have from Marlander, which is gonna be,

uh, I'm gonna do that right now.

So I'm just copying these from my website. This is kind of an incomplete

version of it,

because there's some images on our website.

By the way, our ice serum is like, the website,

you know, things are working for us. Umm.

a first shape of that explanation. So,

let's evaluate them. So I'm gonna go ahead and download this as a PDF.

We've got our evaluation prompt.

But, let me do it like this here.

You know what? Ah, good one second, you guys. What I want to do

here, have my prompt ready. Here

I'm doing, umm,

Or,

solution aware. Okay, so, let's go ahead and run-

So we're gonna run it in the quad. I'm gonna do the same thing.

I'm gonna run it in. I should say this.

Perplexity. I'm not gonna say chat.

I'm not gonna say quad,

but I'll start with quad, so. Okay,

moment. Okay,

I was just trying to make sure I didn't remember that I did it

in the unique mechanism project, which I did. So,

I've got this here. I'm gonna upload the

document, which is all the mechanism ideas, and the,

uh, unified research brief. So a moment.

Okay, those are uploading. Let's go ahead and run them.

Meanwhile, are good friends at Gemini.

What's wrong with this here? That was a good,

uh, old one before I did the ingredients,

I think. Yeah,

so, let's just go to a new Gemini chat. Not

deep research. A couple of these,

okay, because I want to go in and we'll do it for friends.

A chat security as well.

Alright. There we go.

Okay, let's look at the results here.

Alright. Pause,

honestly, answer some business stuff for my different

company. These were not. But let's find out.

I have not listed these yet, so I'm kind of nervous because both the

city totally different, dramatically different things.

And of course, the short answer is if that is what happens,

we'll have to use our judgment probably. And again,

the stuff I mentioned in the Airbnb video, example one too,

where it's like, canvas and friends.

Talk to people on the market. See what they think.

Let's see. I don't laugh so nervous,

but him. Okay, most likely. Lipid barrier breach and inflammation.

It's perfectly explains the core frustration in products sensitivity and reactions burning irritation from

potent greens through target market and it's tried multiple products cause irritation and this

mechanism gives them a scientific reason why opposition products are gentle yet effective solution

they've been seeking. Like

it does solve that frustration,

but that is not, I don't think the market's number one frustration.

I think the pain points are the eye wrinkles,

things that I turn, make them back to the unified research brief

to be honest with you.

Umm, stress hormone accumulation mechanism,

glycation, curious for us to put the one that I like.

And I wonder how much it has to do with the prompt.

I wonder if I ever moved the UMP

reminder, because it feels it feels like a formulation explanation,

more than a unique.

I mean, that one does, that one actually doesn't make sense, sorry. Umm,

okay, the peri-oral-real collagen depletion mechanism, too similar to existing collagen messaging they've already

heard, doesn't create sufficient differentiation from fellow products they've tried.

Umm,

here's an interesting question I'm going to ask. I'm going to take these

different mechanism options.

And combine them to a new mechanism

that you thought was the strongest that speaks to

their pain points,

which are primarily parents driven,

followed by what they don't like about the products.

What would you do?

And then I'm also gonna put, uhh, for context, here are the main ingredients.

While

I was doing that, let's see what Gemini says.

Very interesting that Gemini also likes the lipid barrier reach in Infomaging.

It makes me want

to look at my unified research document, so I'm gonna do that.

Okay.

I mean, it's a good document. It's interesting,

right? Because it's not like, it's not like this document

is just focusing on, the pain point

of proximity.

So it's weird to me that the LOMs are focused so much on proximity.

Umm.

Like, am I missing something? It's almost weird.

Umm.

Dermal disarray has the number two. Claude had,

Dermal disarray has the number three.

Caught dehydration debt. Tried to confront

some kind of solution. I

really like the moisture anchors, which I mentioned here.

Tier

two strong contenders, elastase, cascade,

dej, peptide delivery barrier,

less likely to succeed. This is what I like to mostly

like the least, right? This is not unique,

right? So I think it's not,

Unique and doesn't create a new knowledge gap. Okay.

I still feel like I can make this one work, but it's very interesting.

I mean, honestly, I might let this influence me to some level.

I'm gonna ask it, umm,

why didn't you decide that,

products, since activity is one of the biggest

and most important fears,

frustrations for the market.

Certainly, it's one of them.

Surprise, you're giving that more credence

than things like, I know I just had it open,

I'm talking again. So

they say, while we're waiting to say,

let's see what 03 says if it's right over hit go.

So we're gonna have a go now. While we're waiting for that,

let's come back to Claude and see what they would do.

I create a combined mechanism that addresses a big registration while creating logical

release of story, the triple collapse kinda stops. The problem

with the triple collapse cascade, the release of your experiments have failed,

isn't what you think. Your until it's simple, collagen loss,

but that's only one third of the story. The truth is,

three interconnected systems around your eyes are collapsing simultaneously.

Structural collapse, your collagen fibers have become tangled and chaotically,

tent poles collapsing into no amount of collagen boosting can create firmness when the

foundation is jumbled. Bear your collapse,

look like a scrap of cracks in your skin's protective wall. allow moisters to

escape while letting irritants flood in,

triggering crack inflammation that destroys aging and explains why even gentle products now cause

burning insensitivity. When tension collapse,

your skin's moisture anchors are broken, so hydrating and green cyclic acid provide all

temporary relief before evaporating. It's why you can spend $200 on a cream that

works for days and stops. When your skin reacts,

the props are used to tolerate, why your skin reacts,

the props are used to tolerate. Alright, while you look tired, even after a

full night sleep, each collapse feeds the others in vicious cycle.

The UMS synchronize repair system. To reverse the triple collapse,

you need a synchronize repair system that addresses all three failures simultaneously and that

sequentially. Our formula works like a coordinate construction crew.

I hate these construction crew analogies, by the way. It's like,

I just was reading another piece of copy that was written for a

female market, like a beauty, uh,

collagen. you like, consumable product and the whole thing was like,

the four man does this and the construction is like,

is that what women are, like,

oh yeah, that's what I used to my time thinking about is like,

the, you know, or the art of a construction crew.

It's like, I think they're so dumb. Okay,

structural engineers send the bio attention,

the security, signal to pool, tingle, collagen fibers,

taut, organize, deliver pre-sorted building materials. and I'm sure you're listening build,

create the strong foundation for lasting firmness,

the barrier team, hydration team, why it works.

Okay, maybe. Let's see

what Joe and I said, okay. It's an excellent and safe question.

You're correct that the visual and emotional pains are the fundamental motivators driving the

consumer to seek a solution. The first place. The desire to reduce wrinkles and

ringgit in confidence is the why behind their entire search.

My decision to give proxensativity such high importance in the ranking is not because

it's a greater pain than the wrinkles themselves because it represents a critical barrier

to belief for this specific solution or customer.

Here is strategic thinking behind that ranking.

She has a history or failure. Sensitivity is a major buying objection,

lipid barrier breach mechanism perfectly addresses that objection.

It's not your fault. Solving the meta problem first.

The desire to look better is probably a problem. The fear of irritation

is a meta problem. It's a problem that prevents the solution from working.

By addressing the barrier breach first, the biometric barrier of steel solution promises to

create a protected state of environment. This response is powerful when producing peptides more

believable because it assumptions how they work without causing irritation.

Okay, interesting. And

Chad GPT. Dermal disarray.

Speaks directly to skin losing its snap.

The number one structural pain that brief flags for frames past college and lost

failures gives a vivid tempo analogy and positions peptides as precision architects rather than

genetic boosters. But also science of accessibility and let's just lean- We'll in the

on strong clinical proof to answer, I tried everything.

Lipid barrier, breach, and infomaging.

Preparing your skin's mortar sinks with the barrier skin care trend consumers already researched

explains what sensitivity and dryness in one stroke processes a powerfully a gentle fix,

exactly the objective projections set in the brief.

Chronic dehydration debt, hydromagnetic lock system.

Hydration is intuitive with the moisture anchors or broken story upgrades it from commodity

H.A. claims and logical explains why power curves felt good only for hours to

22 hour lock because of concrete testable promise.

Still I see last taste cascade.

D.E.J., it's fine how it has everything at D.A.J. number five.

So it's interesting if I'm sitting here.

By

the way, I don't actually really like what Claude did. I don't mind it.

I just think it becomes confusing. It's like I don't know that I need

all of these steps. We go back to like our original sort of what

the market likes doesn't like.

They kind of don't like these multi-step systems and all these things.

So I just feel like simplicity is better.

But

if we go back to like the rankings,

okay, it had the Big Barrier Breach in Inflammaging 1,

Dehydring Debt 2, Dromodus Ray 3.

Then we had the Big Barrier Breach

1, Dromodus Ray 2,

Thank you. I

think, uh,

sorry, Chronic Dehydrogen Debt. Yeah,

3, okay. Chatsy BT,

Dromodus Ray 1, the Big Barrier Breach 2,

Chronic Dehydrogen Debt 3. We

just want to have my little peri-orbital collagen thing number 6.

So

I think what I would do now, we've got this slipping barrier breach as

number 1 for Gemini and quad. So,

I think what I would do is I would go ahead and do expanded

mechanisms and see how I feel about it when it's,

ran out in more depth, which I'm now going to do.

Alright, so here we are in our quad expansion prompt.

We're three echotic-pasted and this is from Airbnb,

right? So, let's do our little bit barrier and

Put it in the little thing.

So, we'll copy and paste this in.

Highlight it. Who are,

I'm going to achieve- Cheers. Keep and go problem.

Yeah, I think it's a short case. Oh,

I guess we would say- Would I say solution or a proctor?

Umm,

I guess solution or- Yeah,

solution or where. Umm.

I'm

curious because of what you mentioned is a product sensitivity.

That's what I'm curious about. Umm.

So, let's find out. Let's go to our friend as a quad.

We're on the project. I'm coming pasting this prompt in.

We're not- Upload the brief. Alright,

turn my prompt into this little chat file.

Let's see what we get here.

So, the audience already knows how time starts to exist. Do this.

Okay. Our solution wearer

didn't have that. So, I might change this prompt,

because we didn't define the,

I don't know where a problem was with solution wearer. So,

what I might do here, hmm.

So, if you're here, we're just squeaking up my elbow on the,

my desk. Ready? Okay.

There we go. Umm,

what I'm

gonna do, Okay,

moment. You can't see here. Let's see what it wrote,

okay? Researching it? See, yeah,

I don't like this right,

cuz I

don't, I want it to be,

so we're gonna rerun the prompt. But here's what we're gonna be testing as

experimenters that continue on, right? Umm.

Uh.

So I'm gonna copy and paste it in from our other prompt, is we

can look at the classic levels of prompt mark awareness as I've treated you

in a source. Okay. Here's a follow-up for our answer.

Let's not consider how to wear it. Most of it will be for our

supposed to prompt in brand. Actually,

you know what I'm gonna do? I was thinking about how to do this.

I'm actually gonna do it differently.

Give me a moment here.

I

know you are just watching me stare at the screen.

But I want to find, I'm in over here.

What I'm trying to do right now, I'm going through our,

this was our product market awareness level.

Unaware,

probably

aware. This

is what I'm gonna do. And I would probably say to add this to

the process. Umm. I'll do this instead.

Umm.

Here's how you can understand.

It's solution aware. In this context.

So now, I will-

I want to go ahead and try this again.

I'm gonna upload my unified research brief again.

And let's run it again and see. Cause we saw the other one.

I want to start immediately going like, oh, you know all about peptides.

And I'm like, I don't know that I want you to take that level

of assumption, right? So I think this one should be better.

See, this is better, okay? The hidden reason your eye cream is in working

and what it actually does. You may be thinking,

I tried eye cream before, some expensive ones, some highly rated ones,

but I'm still seeing those fine lines getting deeper, my under eyes.

So tired of my how much I sleep again. If that's what I'm going

to do is. Cause I'm about to share with you explains why 9 out

of 10 eye creams on the market today, even the $200 ones from department

stores are essentially expensive moisturizers that can never address the real problem.

The real problem is your skin's security system is in breach.

See, most of them don't realize that the delicate skin around your eyes has

what dermatologists call a lipid barrier. Think of it like the security system for

your skin. I don't love these metaphors,

but that's okay. I just want to see how I like this in action.

This barrier can be visualized as a protective wall made of brick.

Some mortar with skin cells are the bricks and the natural fats and oil

surrounding them are the mortar that holds everything together. But here's what happens as

we age, especially after 40. This protective mortar begins to break down.

Home oil changes and environmental stress, even the simple act of blinking thousands of

times a day creates microscopic cracks and gaps in the dirt.

And notice happens two devastating things occur that directly explain where you're struggling.

First, uncontrolled moisture loss. The side cracks act like an open window along your

skin's precious moisture to escape throughout the day.

This is why your IRA feels chronically dry and tight, and why even the

richest eyelid cream seems to disappear within hours.

Second, the gateway to inflammation. But the moisture loss is actually the least of

your problems because the same cracks create an open door for irritants,

pollutants, and allergens to penetrate deep into your skin. This constant invasion triggers your

immune system, creating what scientists have recently discovered,

and named inflammation. It's a persistent, low-grade inflammation that's finally destroying your collagen and

a lasting inflammation. Now, this is why your skin becomes so sensitive,

why ingredients used to work fine now cause burning or irritation?

Your skin's protective wall is compromised through even well-formulated products feel harsh because they're

penetrating too quickly into an already inflamed environment.

Why traditional eye creams can't fix this? Now you understand why your expensive eye

creams haven't worked. You're trying to treat the symptoms, the dryness,

the lines, the puffiness, but you're completely ignoring the breech barrier that's causing all

these problems in the first place. So tryin' to heat it up.

You can't blast the heat, you can blast the heat all you want until

you fix the windows you're finally losing battle. The solution to the biomimetic barrier

seal, the way to address the consequences of a breech barrier is to repair

the wall itself. This requires what I call a biomimetic barrier seal.

Complex and intelligent ingredients that don't just sit on top of your skin,

but actually integrate with your natural barrier to patch those cracks and restore its

protective function. So. As behind the seal,

it kind of goes through some of the ingredients, how it works.

What it does, okay? Cool. Definitely better.

Things we're sitting on love with, but at least I can see how it

looks in person. What about the next one?

Well, let's see that next one, okay? So.

So for this one, copying that, so it's got the solution of our breakdown.

And let's do it, whatever it was, our number two.

Which was a little dermal disarray.

I still don't know if I love that tent analogy, to be honest with

you, but, Let's just see.

Sorry, what

is my darkness,

Evan? Umm.

Okay.

Let's

go and

try that with that

one. Some prompt.

Let's run it. Let's go and have a question via text.

Here's what surprised you.

For the most woman to probably try callous eye

creams, you know the peptides are supposed to help with wrinkles and firmness,

you've read reviews, floorage on departments for eye cream.

Here's a- No one's concurring to see who wants you to know.

The reason your peptide creams haven't worked. I don't know why.

It's not your peptide creams. Welcome back

to that. You'll see for decades, the beauty industry has sold you a simple

story. Your skin is aging because you're losing collagen, so they create products to

boost collagen or flange- It sounds logical,

right? But recently the research has revealed that collagen lasts so they have the

story, and it's not even the most important half. The real culprit,

buying the stubborn growth speed, the creepy eye skin,

and the way your eyes suddenly look tired,

even when you're not, is something scientists are not calling a dream. What is

the right? Let me explain. Think of healthy,

young skin like a perfectly pitched tent. Collagen fibers are like the tent's framework,

tightly woven, organized, and strong. Everything in its proper place creates a smooth,

taut surface. That's- We're the way. As we each think more damaging than a

simple collagen loss occurs, those collagen fibers don't just disappear.

They become tangled, weak, and chaotic.

Instead of that strong, organized mesh, your general structure becomes like a clob's tent.

This is done with its array. This is an incredibly pumped,

more materials. It's sort of the entirety of the structure.

So, I'm gonna ask a couple things here. Umm,

a couple of things. First- First,

I talked about the peptide.

First, you said that I had specific-

I defied that solution where

people we are talking to aren't necessarily

aware of peptide hydrines. Right, so I don't think- that makes sense.

Okay, second, uhh,

I can't- don't love the names.

Dermal disarray.

Or the endermal disarray. Really

love the tent algae either.

I think it's okay. What?

There. There. More believable.

Legit sounding names can we use?

Instead of Dermal disarray and what are some

other allergies or metaphors if it used?

Instead of a tent keeping in mind our target market.

Other

names,

college and fragmentation

syndrome, structural college and breakdown. Collagen network collapse, structural protein disintegration.

Dermal framework deterioration.

Collagen architecture breakdown. I like simplicity.

I'm going to go call it an architectural breakdown. Umm.

I don't know how to control this.

It's a kind of,

Can I have, like, fabric? Because it's sort of, like, a knitting.

We've even had that woman, like, knitting, but, like, it's sort of more,

uhh, I mean,

we're sentimental. I think about, like, grandma, all that kind of stuff. So,

I'm going to say, Let's use...let's

address. Number one, I can't see, but it's on the news.

Just number one, I let you agree.

Let's use collagen. Architecture.

Right down, and that's what, right? It doesn't really matter.

Let's use the fabric weave analogy.

out.

Alright, I'll talk to you later. You're

not as something scientists are not calling collagen architecture breakdown.

Let me explain what this means. Think of collagen. Think of healthy,

young skin like a piece of high quality fabric with a perfectly tight organized

weave. Every thread in its proper place, working together to create a smooth,

strong, beautiful surface that drays perfectly. But as we age,

think far more damaging, the simple thread loss occurs.

Those collagen threads not just disappear, you become loose,

tangled, and looser organized structure. Instead of that tight,

for sex weave, your skin's foundation becomes like, The fabric that's been stretched and

twisted into the threads are all jumbled together. This is collagen architecture breakdown.

This is why simply trying to add more collagen to your skin is like

trying to add more threads to fabric that's already lost to weave.

Remember how much collagen boosting cream you apply? If the underlying structure has broken

down, your skin can't maintain its firmness.

The wrinkles keep forming, the skin keeps sagging, and your skin keeps flowing frustrated.

This explains what you might notice that your skin feels different now.

It's all set, snappy. It keeps to have, when you smile,

those lines don't bounce back what they want to say. The skin around your

eyes feels looser somehow. That's collagen architecture breakdown in action,

but here's the breakthrough. Umm,

let's continue with the Bio10 Segrity solution before.

So, I didn't look at that part too much here. Let's see.

Call Bio10 Segrity system. So,

okay, great. Much better.

For, hopefully this is still going.

Makes me nervous. I'm going to do this video in two parts. I'm going

to do this again. And for the UMS,

I don't like bio-tensegrity system as a name.

I don't feel like it's easy to understand or remember.

Since

Tyler,

a protective

shield is okay,

but kind of generic.

What are alternative names?

I

like a lot of these, I'm thinking about an architecture,

and so an argument was really talking about this architecture thing above.

And so, while I like the architecture restoration method,

I also feel like that's a little bit, maybe not

as understandable. So I'm gonna go for,

like, I think the structural renewal system. Makes

sense? I'll- Like, um,

yeah. Idea of

par. Structural renewal system, okay?

So it's my materials.

These ones- ones. Uhm,

I like, but let's call it a targeted

repair complex. I like complex.

And then third. Let's

go with.

We

have integrity, locking, compiles, and greens. Essentially,

I don't know. So, again, this isn't our final version, but I just might

as well play around with this, right? Umm. We've

prepared a system I didn't hate, but I just feel like it's just, it's

too, You don't have to title it the metaphor,

so that's why I like that one. So let's go ahead and do that.

Okay. Call it structural renewal systems.

System works in three precise steps. Structural renewal signal.

Okay, does this, Missionary to pull this loose tail

collision thread is taught, and we run it as a back in the proper

tail weave. Tighten up. Okay, fine.

Two target repair complex. Target repair complex comes in.

Included, perseximino acids, pilling,

glysine, and alanine. Terri locking compounds by it.

Person makes it really unique. Umm.

System active compounds also function as an terri locking.

A component, a a a component. you locking compounds. Again, I might not use

compound choice for your newly restored skin structure to actively inhibit the enzymes called

matrix mellow proton aces that break down collagen and destroy the leaf in the

first place, single mistreating. Okay, so if I have this to be honest with

you, I think it's pretty good. Obviously, I would,

um,

play with things more,

and we'll keep doing it. We're gonna write the I's from VSL as part

of R&B C. to you too. So, um,

you know, we'll see. I might change my mind.

I might, I could, you know, I might do the same exercise with other

UMPs as well, but I think this is valuable for you

to watch for those of you who have actually continued to watch through to

the end because you can sort of see how you can take an idea

that's pretty good, but again, maybe the name isn't great or some of the

naming convention. Things aren't awesome or you don't like the metaphor and you can

change and work with AI to get things that you like more,

right? And so, oh,

do you see that? I'll save all of this and, um,

we'll continue on with more videos and modules.

I think, you know, I'm gonna do the cloud project.

I think I can mention like a separate quick training how to set one

up because you've seen it in action now. Like, I'm using.

In that here, keep in mind, right? Umm. I'm gonna do other videos,

I'm not sure for the mechanism or stuff.

Um, but, and then I mentioned golf,

but honestly, I feel like these are such long videos, you get the point.

I think you can just do it for, and, you know, you saw one

of this non-physical, one of this physical, um,

should be clear enough. So, I'll probably move on to- other sections after this

video, besides the cloud project thing. Umm,

but, maybe I'll add stuff in the future, I don't know.

Anyway, thank you for watching. Bye.