The people.

He's, he's helped and worked with, like on the screen here,

I don't really wanna still touch your thunder,

but I'm personally really excited.

Like, one of the things I really try

and do for our content is have like a good diversity.

Like, I always like, kind of like some themes that emerge,

but I also want, like, you know, everything from like VSLs,

like, well, I don't do VSLs like a,

like obviously you can still get insights from it, but cool.

Webinars. So maybe I don't do webinars.

Well, first of all, even like, like, I know, not

to steal your thunder, but we were talking about yesterday,

it's like, steal my thunder, please.

I'm gonna steal your thunder on this because we,

we both agreed on it.

It's like, what's a, like a webinar is basically just a VSL.

Like, you know what I mean, in a lot of ways.

So, um, things that, you know,

even if you don't wanna do a webinar will

still be applicable for you.

Uh, also we talked about like high ticket stuff

and, uh, adding in, coaching, all those things.

Well, like webinars are

certainly one of the best ways to do that.

So I think there's a lot of applicable value.

Uh, so yeah, I won't hype it up too much,

so we'll just let you do your magic, but please give it up

for Dylan Venice.

Go.

All right guys. Okay.

Um, so who likes presentations

where they hold all the value back

and, you know, tell you basically nothing

and the end, say, if you wanna work

with us, take, here's the next step.

Yeah, yeah. Uh, this is not one of those,

this is like the one where like every slide is a case study

of something we're actively doing.

So I'm just basically gonna break down like all these

results that we've done and just show you how we did it.

Does that sound fair? Yeah. Cool.

Wait, let me read this for you.

'cause I spent some time as not a copywriter trying to like,

make this sound cool.

So how to use webinars to get people to say yes

before you even ask.

Is that cool? Yeah. Thank you. Alright.

Uh, so I've done, uh,

about seven years ago I created a PR company called

Mindful Agency.

Uh, between this

and a couple of my other organizations, we've worked with

these people on the screen.

So, uh, some of these brands, uh,

I co-created a program called Limitless

Society, which was cool.

In 2023, they sold out a 10,000 person arena

for the largest one day, uh,

business conference in Utah history.

Um, done some stuff with Jim Quick,

Navin Jane, the founder of io.

I put V Shred on there

'cause they paid us for a big PR package one time.

So you guys know who they are. I slapped it on there.

Um, sales trainer, Andy Elliot.

We created, uh, the number one

sales training community on all the

school platform with, for him.

Uh, flex Lewis, uh, seven time Mr.

Olympia, he's like one of the most prolific bodybuilders in

bodybuilding history.

Um, uh, that's Natalie Dawson.

She works with 10 x Brandon Daws, Smith Dawson's, uh, wife.

And, uh, at the top, that's Pace and Jamil.

They have a real estate coaching program.

Um, I did the launch of their TV show, triple Digit Flip.

We got it over a hundred million, uh,

or eyeballs on episode one.

They got signed the next day

for three seasons, so that was cool.

Um, so yeah. Anyways, uh,

that's some of the stuff I've done.

I exited my PR firm last year and I was like, okay, cool.

Um, what's the rest of my life look like?

And so then we created roas.

So we have basically two different Verti, uh,

two different things we do with roas.

One is we publish our own offers.

So, uh, we have like three different brands we own.

Uh, these are info digital, info products.

And then the second thing is we're an agency.

So we run marketing for mostly coaches, consultants,

course creators, but we also have like other clients

that just so like, yo, you guys crush this thing.

Can you do this for me too? Uh, our mission is

to become the number one agency for coaches,

consultants, and course creators.

So, uh, what I'm gonna share with you guys today works

for e-com brands, local brick

and mortar in-person, advanced course creators,

coaching real estate, uh,

and all these verticals on the screen.

Just to show of hands,

who here is in one of these verticals?

Who here is not gonna raise their hand?

Um, so, uh, I know this works

because I use it in offers that we own as well

as ones we run marketing for.

Um, this is my favorite quote by the way, of all time.

So I try to slap it on every presentation I do.

Um, whether you think you can

or think you can't, you're right.

And that goes for webinars as well, in my opinion.

You know, if you think you can crush a webinar, you can.

I'll share with you guys why webinars,

but just like 62nd backstory on me and why we're here.

Um, I was like the kid who dropped outta college

to start a business and I did everything from literally

selling flying squirrels like sugar gliders.

That's what this image right here is to, um,

starting an electric transportation company.

And it all failed. And then I saw like these guys online

talking about like how to make money from home.

So I started a marketing

agency and was like, all right, cool.

Let me try this. Oh,

before I did that, my dad came to me,

he's a dentist, his dad's a dentist.

And so naturally they're like,

yo, you're gonna be a dentist, right?

And I was like, oh dad, I don't need

to be Mark Zuckerberg, right?

'cause he said, there's only so many Mark Zuckerberg's.

I just sure as hell know that I'm not gonna be a dentist.

And so, uh, I started my agency.

Originally it was helping real estate companies get leads.

And, uh, that was that. But I couldn't sell anything.

In fact, I could barely sell. I hated selling.

And every time the pitch came, when the presentation

of like, okay, now you're gonna ask for money,

I would just be like, alright, so that's cool.

You know, like, why don't I send you a proposal? Right?

And like anyone who's done sales knows, like

that's not the way to do it.

Thank you. So, um, I had to learn how

to sell a different way, right?

Which is where webinars come from, right?

You kinda see where I'm going with this.

But before I learned webinars,

I partnered up with a guy who was good at sales.

So this guy did all the revenue

generation, I did all the operations.

Um, over a period of about five years, we built a team.

We pivoted to different ni a few different niches.

And we eventually ended up focusing on personal brands.

I don't know where this goes. Um,

I also launched my own coaching program, uh, teaching people

how to start their own marketing agency.

Uh, we got over 5,000 paid students in that program.

Uh, I got the office, I built a team.

You can see this is like the office when we were moving in,

uh, and doing like the team things.

Dressing up on Halloween, going on Jeep Stripes

with them, uh, that whole thing.

Uh, like I mentioned, I co-created Limitless Society.

We built that to, uh, be a pretty successful program.

And then two years ago they sold out a 10,000 person arena.

Uh, Jason Capital, who was here yesterday, uh,

at one point he was paying us 80 grand a month

as a cli as a client of ours.

Uh, so he's become a good friend of mine.

And, uh, he was doing I think like 1.5

to $2 million a month just off

Instagram when we were working together.

So, I dunno if you guys got who got a chance to talk

to Jason yesterday, who here know, like, knows

who Jason is previously?

Yeah, so he's, he's an absolute stud and rockstar.

Um, if you see him at future

events, definitely pick his brain.

Like I was picking his brain, even though I've known him

for years, like all day yesterday.

Uh, yeah, you know this. Yeah, yeah.

Uh, Sebastian Nez helped him launch Quantum Academy.

So everything kind of in the, in the high ticket coaching

space, uh, I work with a lot of the top people.

It's Jay Shetty, uh, Gary V on the right side.

Um, so yeah, I had the, like the, the, the stuff like,

you know, the jets, the cars, all this things

that people looked at and were like, yo, you're crushing it.

But keep in mind, like, I literally couldn't sell

if something happened to my partner.

Like I would have $0 in revenue.

So flash forward to May of 2022, we marketed

and co-hosted one of the biggest events of the year.

Uh, we had over 3000 people.

There was 1500 in person, 1500 virtual.

Uh, Gary spoke, Patrick McDavid spoke, the homo spoke.

Um, we ended up doing over $1.3 million in,

in sales, uh, back room sales.

And combined with our other revenue,

we did over $2.1 million that month.

Which for me, by the way, that was

like more money than they've ever seen.

That was our biggest month, uh, ever done at the time.

So I saw the power of selling

to a large amount of people at one time.

Flash forward seven days.

Uh, I am, uh, at a Joe Dispenza retreat.

Uh, anyone ever been to a Joe Dispenza event before?

It's basically a meditation conference.

And so I was there for seven days.

On the last day of this event,

I get a call from my business partner's assistant

and he said, uh, Hey bro, I need you to take all

of your partner's meetings on Monday.

I can't explain now, but I'll explain later.

Uh, so I literally have no idea what's about to happen.

I have no idea at this point.

This is me on the way home that my entire

life was about to fall apart.

Uh, it turns out he got arrested for personal crimes,

totally unrelated to the business.

And I was like, oh, s**t. Uh, again, think back.

I had $2.1 billion in contracts

to fulfill from our biggest one day ever, or one month.

Uh, so, uh, he bailed himself out.

He denied everything, and he proceeded to come

to the office, act like everything's normal.

Uh, a few days later I woke up

to the business account strained and a video on his, uh,

car, uh, his hi, uh, his assistant calls me.

He's like, Hey bro, uh,

his car's abandoned at the office and his phone's in it.

And, uh, on the phone is a video

of him basically apologizing

and saying he was going to Mexico, followed by a series

of videos that were supposed to be given

to his kids at given stage in their life.

Happy 18th birthday, happy marriage, all that stuff.

So keep in mind, I got a 20,000 a month office lease.

I got a multi-six figure payroll.

I got seven figures in contracts to fulfill,

and the core of revenue producer's gone.

So that's how I learned to do webinars.

Um, so, uh, I learned to get thousands

of people on webinars every single week

and sell at a very high conversion rate.

This is an offer that I own right now.

I didn't wanna be a guru anymore after that experience.

I was like, I don't want to be in the spotlight.

I, which is why most of you guys don't know who I am.

Um, I just want to run stuff behind the scenes.

And, uh, that was a very crazy time.

So, as you can imagine, so I create other brands.

I find people who have potential

and I put the marketing behind them.

So yeah, this one, we get about eight.

We get five to 10,000 people every week.

I'll show you guys what it is. Uh,

this is Andy Elliot, sales trainer.

We created the number one sales training community for him.

Uh, we went run ad events.

That's Pedros Kian, a coach on the right is a guy named, uh,

Chris Boss, black Swan.

So this is the same framework we use for all

of these top people right now to create successful brands.

Um, Justin, so this is a webinar we, we ran with Justin,

his first webinar ever.

Uh, we turned three K

of ads into a hundred K in ads using a webinar.

Uh, this is another one.

I'm gonna break each one of these down, by the way.

Um, as we go through this, this is another one we did.

Uh, we had $2 leads. We literally maxed out the Zoom room.

So if anyone's ever heard of like, like the advertising

where it's like limited spots available, like this,

literally had limited spots.

We got so busy, we maxed the zoom out, uh, insurance agent,

uh, first time webinar we had a five X roas.

And then this is a new offer we just launched, uh, like zero

to six figures in 60 days just by selling on webinars.

So I'm gonna break each of these down.

Uh, now Nate and I, we, Ryan roas.

So, uh, the mission is

to be the number one agency in this space.

I also happen to have a podcast. Um,

I've had some pretty cool guests on,

and I outranked Ed Mylet for like one week.

And I definitely screenshotted that

'cause that's like the coolest thing ever, especially

'cause I used to listen to those guys

and to be higher than them.

It was dope. And by the way, it wasn't me.

I had a cool guest on and the podcast blew up.

So, um, so yeah, here's the three things.

Here's like the actual, uh, value, uh, hopefully, uh,

number one, uh, webinar funnel.

So I'm just gonna break down the exact funnel, like step

by step, how we bring traffic through a webinar.

Number two, we're gonna talk about traffic.

So how we get people on the, to register for the webinar.

And number three, I'm gonna talk about structuring the

webinar so that people are ready to buy.

Um, before I do, I just wanted to ask like,

like why webinars, right?

Does anyone, has anyone in here ran like a webinar before?

Yes. Okay, cool. Uh, what about VSLs?

Who here has ran VSLs before? Okay, cool.

So I just wanted to ask like, why webinars over VSLs

or is it the exact same thing?

Like, you know, I, I haven't ran a ton of VSLs,

so I'm curious if anyone has an understanding,

or maybe you've heard me talk about this

before on why webinars over VSLs,

uh, more value.

Yes. Yeah, that's, that is one thing. What else?

Um, I mean, I would add in like, uh,

I mean it's more inter it's more interactive.

There's potentially more

relationship building, like more rapport.

Like if you're responding, depending on how you're doing,

if you're responding to people in the

chat, things like that.

Um, I just feel like you can be a little bit more authentic

and come across as more authentic, uh, when you do webinars.

Yeah, I had some notes that I was gonna share.

Oh, they're right here. So while I was

watching Patrick earlier, I was like,

lemme write down some stats from this on, uh, why

li why webinars and why live webinars?

So we do, we do do recorded webinars, but mostly live.

So I just want to kind of run down the stats on this.

So with a webinar, we'll have 95%

percent retention all the way through.

So if people jump on, and when you do it the right way,

we'll have 95% of people like there at the end.

So if we compare that to a VSL, like how many people,

I think he said, what 20% was it?

The stat? Okay, but 20% see the CTA? Yeah.

So for us, if we got a thousand people on a webinar,

we'll probably have 950, see the CTA roughly,

and then we'll have, you know, 800 at the end.

So like 80% retention all the way through.

The other thing is when people are doing webinars,

they're like blocking time on their calendar.

Like they throw it in

and they're like there to watch this, right?

It's not the slippery slope of like, copy, I saw an ad

and then like, I fell onto this page

and then, you know, the hook was so good

that now I'm watching it and 45 minutes later

my card's out, right?

Like, these people are actually primed.

So also coming through on the, the emails,

they're seeing these emails like they want

to be here and they wanna watch that.

Uh, so live webinars,

great thing about live webinars is we're literally able

to split test every week and get real time feedback.

So like, I'm watching the chat

and I'm getting feedback like, okay, I said this.

How's the chat responding to me saying this.

Imagine if you had a VSL

that you could split test every week

and get like, real time feedback

and make the change next week and get data.

Like, that's the cool thing about live webinars.

Uh,

those are kinda like the key things.

Um, the one other big thing with, uh, with,

So here's the big difference between webinars

and VSLs is webinars are education based.

VSLs are intrigue based, right?

So on a webinar, you're actually giving value.

I know that might sound weird for some of you guys

that just run VSLs,

but, uh, webinars you actually add value.

So yeah, that's pretty much that.

Um, so here's my webinar funnel.

I'm gonna break down each one of these stages, uh,

one at a time and, and talk about it.

And then at the end, I'll, I'll, you guys can screenshot it.

We'll have like labels for

what each one is on the last slide of this section.

So number one is traffic. Um,

I'm gonna talk a bit about like all traffic, um, in the,

in like in a little bit here.

So I'm gonna skip over that for now.

But basically rule of thumb is we just test a lot of stuff.

Like how many creatives do we throw on an avid webinar

to start, like day one 15?

Well, 15 to 20 creatives plus all the copy variations.

So like, we're testing 50 to a hundred variations,

like from day one on the webinar.

Um, we'll try to push like

through every ad set at least like a thousand bucks.

And then we'll check the KPIs

and if something's working, we will, you know,

we'll kill the ones that are below kpi.

I, and I'll give you the KPIs too.

Uh, okay, so registration pages very simple.

Like don't put a video, don't put testimonials.

Uh, it's headline, sub headline, date,

and then about the host, like that's it.

Um, you'll see these pages, by the way, if you see pages

that look like roughly like this, it's probably my webinars.

Um, very, very, very, very, very simple. Here's the KPIs.

Uh, so for cold traffic, so ads, um, yeah,

any paid 30 to 35% opt-in rate.

And then for warm traffic, so referrals, uh, your list,

your email list, 45

to 50% opt-in, it's where you should be at.

That's what our, our pages hit.

If you're below that, simplify the page

and, and just make it shorter.

Is this tracking? Does this make sense? Yes. Okay, cool.

Uh, after the opt-in, so we have email

and SMS reminder sequences.

Uh, basically we have two, uh,

we have daily emails leading up to the webinar.

And then the day before the webinar,

we have two emails that day before.

So one in the morning, one at night, two SMS,

and then three emails and SMS the day of.

Um, we'll do one in the morning, one an hour before

and one live now.

And then sometimes I wasn't gonna share this

'cause this like bumps up our show rate

by like eight to 10%.

We'll send a text five minutes

after the webinar starts, uh, saying, Hey,

we broke the internet, the link

didn't work, here's the new link.

And then we get like eight

to 10% more people to jump on from that.

Um, if you guys saw Alex Emoji's book launch, he happened

to do that as well, which is cool.

Everyone's just breaking the internet now

that I told you guys like,

everyone's gonna do it, I'm gonna have to change.

That's the problem about being in like legit rooms.

Like this is you guys actually implement.

So, uh, target KPIs, 20% show rate is bad.

30% show rate is, uh, is good. 40% show rate is great.

So lemme just like run the math for you.

If we get a thousand people to register

and we got 40% there, this is like, that's really solid.

Like, and we'll do that. Uh, you'll see. But we do that.

So, and then we, knowing we have 95% retention

and you can kind of run the math

and compare it to VSL, like you're getting,

I haven't compared apples to apples

'cause Patrick's stuff was awesome

and I was just like, I have some screenshots of it,

but, uh, we're getting higher.

More people seeing this than you would on A VSL, I believe.

Just kind of like paper napkin math.

Um, oh, so we throw a self liquidation offer in

between the registration page and the confirmation page.

You guys know what self-liquidating offers are, right?

Alright, cool. Does anyone not know

what a self-liquidating offer is?

Anyone else? Just

Like a break even little kind of like helps you liquidate

Cost. Yeah,

exactly. Yeah. The, the goal is just to make,

just like if we're cost per lead is, uh,

you know, is 10 bucks.

If we have a hundred dollars product on the confirmation

page and one in 10 people take it, we just liquidate all

of our ad spend and it's free marketing.

So this is what it looks like. This is an example.

Um, basically the way we frame it is, hey, if you want

to come more prepared for this webinar,

I put together all my courses into one little bundle.

You can grab this, they hit yes or no.

If they hit no, no problem.

They get to the confirmation page.

Uh, confirmation page is very detailed, so no testimonials

and videos on the registration page,

but we put a ton of crap on the confirmation page.

You know, if we're, uh, we're getting people on this page,

we want to indoctrinate them

and give them as much information as we can leading up

to the, uh, to the webinar.

So confirmation video, calendar links, um,

we use a tool called ad Event.

And basically the way that works is you put in the,

it's basically like a one click add to your Google calendar.

If you can see right here, it gives you all of 'em.

So Apple, Google, all that stuff.

Uh, we saw like a 3%, uh, increase in show rate just

by adding that, um, instead of just emailing it.

So helpful at scale. We also have like free community.

So for every single offer that we're running, we put a,

even if it's a free Facebook group, we put a link there.

There's a few reasons why.

Um, probably won't have time to go too deep into it today.

But basically we use the community to post in.

But also when people buy at the end of the webinar,

we tell the buyers, the way you get access

to the thing you bought is to go back to the free community

and post, uh, posts that you bought.

And then now we got this flood of people saying, I'm in,

I'm so hyped, blah, blah, blah.

And the rest of the community has fomo.

So, so, um,

there's a few other things we do, but that's kinda the high level.

So detailed confirmation page, um, webinar.

I'm gonna try to run through.

I have kind of like a sample webinar.

I'm gonna go through as many slides as I, as we have time

for in a bit.

So I'm gonna skip over that. Um, order page is very simple.

We have the timer value stack and the deliverables.

Um, people at

that are seeing the order page have already seen 90 minutes

or more of you talk about the offer.

So don't overcomplicate it.

I see long form sales pages, we don't want that, right?

People who are coming to this page are

either sold or not sold.

So if you, if you uh, try

to put too much stuff, they could get unsold.

No one's getting sold by the copy on this page.

They got sold by the webinar. Okay?

Um, okay, so here's the close

rate stats for the actual webinar.

So if you're closing one to 2%, like you're gotta go

to webinar school 'cause that's bad.

Closing three to 5%, that's okay. Six to 10% is good.

Anything above 10% is really good for a close rate.

Some people talk like, oh,

I close 80% of people in my webinar.

Like they're probably running something different.

Like they're doing like a free trial or something else.

Or doing a book call, like a webinar book call.

If you're selling like a two to 5K thing on the back

of a webinar, we sell like 700 to to six,

six k is kinda the range.

It's a big range, but um, we'll get 10% of people to buy.

So if we're running the economics here, right, 10% of people

that are there for the call to action,

which is like 95% of people.

So if we just run the math, we

get a thousand people to register.

How many do we have on the good ends? Show up.

You don't remember? Four? Good.

Uh, now if we have 400, uh, 400 on the webinar, roughly

how many people are buying if we're really good?

40. 40? Yeah, roughly.

So if it's a thousand offer, how much did we make?

$40,000. Nate, what's your average cost per lead

to get someone to register for a webinar? Depends

On the industry. $4.

B2c. 15.

So to get a thousand people on a webinar,

we're spending on a, in a B2B, like kind

of higher cost laid 15 K to make 40.

If we're doing like B2C like biz op type of stuff,

it's like 4K.

It's good economics, right?

Well, why is not everyone doing it? I dunno.

Alright, uh, after the order page, we put a upsell,

just get more money outta people.

Um, you could do the subscription upsell down sell sequence.

These guys talk about to increase LTV if you want to.

Uh, this is one we have.

So we actually have like a, like the VSL play.

This is one of my brands.

This is the one we get five to 10 K every

week to register for.

Um, but we basically have a hidden timer

and then the offer pops up.

People are watching the webinar.

Most people probably don't even see it don't,

or don't like wait for the timer to go, but, um,

but yeah, we get about 20% take rate on this upsell.

It's like low ticket, but we get a little bit extra cash.

And then the order confirmation page is really simple.

But the most important part about this is we have a

confirmation page with the calendar for them to book a call,

uh, with, and it's their onboarding call.

It's a mandatory onboarding call.

They have to do it in order to participate.

We have a button at the bottom

that says if you can't find a time, like skip for now

and you won't get your call in the future.

Um, so we get like 90, what, 80,

90% of people booking a call.

Problem is with this offer is our,

it's like a lower demographic.

So we were getting all these calls to people who,

like this is a 700 product on the webinars.

All these people that were booking calls

that weren't qualified for our 4K coaching program.

So, uh, I had it a create your account form

and it's basically a qualification form packaged

as a create your account form.

So I was like, we specifically asked questions like knowing

your location helps us customize your experience, like

what content are you on and all that stuff.

Um, so yeah, that, that's super helpful.

And then if someone's qualified, they get sent

to the call booking page.

If they're not, they get sent to the confirmation page.

Hey, congrats, you're in. Get started.

So that's the funnel, that's our webinar funnel.

If you guys want to, uh, take a snap now is the time.

Uh, it's going away. It will never come back in.

5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 1.

Yeah. One. Yeah. Yeah.

Um, look, I get it for what you what like this kind

of supplements and stuff like good, better or best?

I've never heard that until yesterday.

I mean, I've heard it, but never like in a room like this.

But like my thought has always been a confused mind doesn't

purchase and that like,

if we're giving them too many

options, they're not gonna buy. Right?

It's also

Let's test it. I'd love to,

I'd love like what's a re what's like a

resource where I can learn how to do that properly?

Yeah. Staff I, I'll, I'll throw it on, I'll throw it on one,

the webinars, we'll test it and I'll have

data for next time.

Okay. Yeah, no one's really doing it.

Webinars, so, um, that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Have

You worked with real Estate?

Yeah. Yeah. Like real estate coaching offers or real estate?

Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm, I got two case studies

in real estate I'm gonna show you.

Yeah. Uh, so,

uh, at scale twice a week is gonna be like the most you're

gonna do it, um, a Tuesday, Wednesday

or Thursday in the evening and then a Saturday at

10:00 AM PSD.

Um, yeah,

uh, I'll cover that.

I'll cover that. Can I add? Yes. Yeah

Guys, so some of you guys might be thinking like, yeah,

this works great for coaches, consultants,

but I don't know if it would work

for product base or maybe like local.

I've done this for local like dealerships

and we haven't really got a chance

to test with many products.

But just think about it from the user

experience point of view.

We're in a position of like absolute lowest trust ever.

People wanna trust your brand more than ever

and what more could you do than get them in front of you

for an hour for a free masterclass

that talks about the benefits of your product instead

of just sending 'em to a sales page

and letting them kind of line out their own destiny.

So, um, yeah,

It's like, like there's so little trust right

now, especially in coaching.

So many people bought bad coaching programs

during COVID from, you know, PPC money

and like we have to, we have a hard job

'cause it's all about trust.

And so we get someone on for 90 minutes to two

and a half hours to answer your question

and we get the most amount

of trust built over that period of time.

Alright, so let's talk about traffic.

So actually getting people on webinars, um,

this is from Patrick's talk.

Um, I, I, yeah,

I don't have cool data like this.

So what we use to find the best traffic sources,

what we call the

how I feel about it scale,

who has a, how I feel about it scale.

Yeah, that's usually the relationship.

You use that in relationships too, right?

So, um, we look at all the ways that you can run traffic

and we rank them on the, these two things.

So how easy is it to control and how much effort is needed?

So there's only three ways to get traffic.

You guys know this, this is a room

of people that do this for a living.

Um, but what are the three ways to get get traffic

Inbound, outbound and paid, right?

Inbound is organic, outbound is cold,

reaching out to people and paid is paid.

So, uh, this is a hundred percent real picture of me waiting

for inbound organic lead flow.

They didn't show up. I hate inbound.

Uh, in fact, uh,

inbound is content, referrals, all that stuff.

Um, for this offer drop service, the one I mentioned earlier

with five to 10,000 registrations, uh, for a period

of time we were a hundred percent organic.

I found a couple kids that had big followings.

I said, you guys have that perfect look to be gurus.

And we built a product around it.

Um, you can see this is a MiniChat sequence.

So basically the way this works is they post on social media

and the video video's like, what's like the hook?

Nate, like, yo, Dylan, get off your phone.

Like, we're like, you know, we're at an event

and then it's like, oh, sorry, I'm just like, you know,

I'm just making money from my phone.

Click here or comment the word cash to get access

to my free, you know, training.

I'm gonna break it down. So we, they comment the word cash,

you can see on the right side, that's a MiniChat sequence.

Who here knows what MiniChat is?

Who here doesn't know what MiniChat is?

Who here's not gonna raise their

hand no matter what I say again?

There we go. Um, so, uh, yeah, that's MiniChat.

It's just an, it's basically like a, like automated messages

for Instagram and Facebook.

So when people comment the word cash,

they get a message saying, Hey, what's it say?

Uh, oh, uh, hey,

I'm gonna shoot the free course over to you.

What's your email? We grab their email.

That's a whole, that's a whole other conversation about

conversion and dms.

But the point being is we, we would get thousands of people,

maybe not 8,000,

but thousands of people every week from organic.

Does that make sense? Yeah.

Anyone, anyone ever seen this before?

What happens when your entire traffic source is based on

organic and your account gets banned?

The only thing worse than this is

when your partner gets arrested.

And so for this, um, we had to figure out how

to run paid out obviously,

like we're relatively good at that as well.

So that wasn't an issue.

But organic is low control and high effort.

This kid, by the way, Renzo who makes the content,

he wakes up in the morning, brushes his teeth,

and he throws uh, a mic on his shirt, he wakes up.

He was just out in Vegas visiting me.

We had some fun, went shooting all this stuff.

He's literally thinking, living, breathing content.

Now he gets millions of views on his videos.

I understand why, but like,

I'm not gonna wake up in the morning, brush my teeth

and then slap a mic and hold my camera all day.

Would you guys do that? Probably not.

Alright. Outbound, uh, JVs partnerships.

I'm not gonna be this guy in the dms.

You said you get a lot of these guys and you hate them.

Yeah. Who hates these guys?

I can't even see my messages from my grandma.

She fell and couldn't get back up

and I couldn't help her 'cause of these guys.

So I'm joking. That was my grandpa that, that happened too.

Um, so yeah, I,

I, JVs and partnerships are great.

Jason Capital was one of my first affiliates.

Uh, he helped me in a big way when I was first getting

started, he was sending me like 150 k worth

of business at one point a month

and, uh, was a big affiliate.

So I totally believe in joint ventures and affiliates,

but, um, just it's, it's much harder to uh,

to, uh, so high con uh,

high control, high effort.

Wait a minute. Oh, there we go.

Outbound is middle control

and uh, reasonable amount of effort.

Alright? Paid, uh, is high control high

or it's paid is good?

Um, so lemme just break it down

'cause I, I know you guys wanna get down to the value here.

Uh, I'm, something's happening. I'm skipping through.

Alright, so with webinar campaigns,

we need to rapidly test creatives.

That's it. So our goal when we launch a campaign is get

as many creatives down as possible.

I think this is probably for most stuff,

but like our opinion doesn't matter.

We know what works most cases, but we don't really care.

We're still gonna test

stuff that we don't think is gonna work.

So here's a webinar we did.

This is like, I think like a month ago.

Um, the new way to win on social media.

It was Gary v and a guy named Neil Dinga that hosted it.

We spent like 20 k on the webinar.

Um, but this one's really cool because we had, uh, $2

and $75 cost per registration.

Now think about the economics.

If you get a thousand people on, we spent 2,700 bucks

and you work our way down the funnel,

he made a lot of money off it.

Um, we had 8,500 people registered.

2000 were from organic, 6,500 were from ads.

The craziest part about this isn't the fact

that we got this low cost per lead.

It was that there was uh, two, there was the room filled up.

Okay? So basically he didn't want to pay the extra

to go from 3000 people.

Zoom to a 5,000 person zoom limit.

Registration limit was like 20 5K for the year.

And he's like, I don't want to pay that.

So we'll just keep it at 3000.

So one minute before the webinar was supposed

to start the room, hit capacity,

there was 3000 people throughout the next like 30 minutes.

There was 1400 people

that tried to get in that couldn't get in.

Um, now yes, of course we hate that, right?

1400 people, that's, you know,

50% more money he could have made.

But he was happy. I got, I called him

after, I'm like, dude, like

that was sick man, like blah blah blah.

But did you see that there was all these people

that didn't get in?

He's like, yeah, that's f*****g awesome man.

I was like, why? He's like, go check my Instagram.

He's reposting people who were tagging him saying,

when Neil says spots are limited, it's really limited.

Stay tuned for next time.

So he trained them to actually show up early.

This isn't some gimmick, it's real.

Since when have you seen a virtual event?

Like literally cap out. But now people know.

So I can't share the numbers on him

'cause it's, it's uh, not my brand,

but we did all the marketing for it.

We made all the creatives.

I just wanted to ask you guys, which one

of these do you think performed the best?

Okay, which one of these performed the best?

Five, two or

Five. So

one is a image, two is a video, three is a image for, so,

uh, yeah, two and five are videos.

And then the rest are images. Uh,

who thinks we're gonna do this?

Everyone has to raise their hand this time.

Even if you don't raise your hand no matter what I say.

So number one, okay, cool. We got like six.

Number two, number three,

number four, number five.

Okay, nice. Number six. Alright, cool. Uh, here's the order.

Remember your number 'cause I'm about to show you.

So the spicy meter on the bottom shows

which ad was the best?

It was the Netflix feeling one.

Got it. Who got who got it, right?

It's tough guys. Smart guys,

you knew you just didn't wanna show people up.

I thought. I mean that's hard.

We don't know, right? That's the point. We don't know.

Um, alright, so, uh,

here's a, a takeaways from this.

If you can leverage someone else's authority, do it.

This is a webinar we did

with this contractor guy who's got like 2000 followers.

No one knows who he is,

but we got Andy Elliot to be on that head with him.

Andy Elliot's like a sales trainer for those.

Those I don't know. Um, and we gotta leverage his authority.

Same thing with the Gary V ad.

The reason it worked is we're leveraging someone else's

social proof to build, you know, to lower our cost per lead.

So how can you interpret that for your own stuff?

We got under five leads.

He spent like three can ads and um,

and made like a hundred Gs.

This guy's like a insurance agent. I ran this last week.

We're doing this test where we're like doing done

for you webinars with people.

Um, we launched RO ads like three or four months ago.

And so like we're figuring things

out, figuring our offers out.

We're doing done for you webinars for people

where we're like, Hey, we'll build the slides,

we'll run the ads, we'll make the

creative, we'll do everything.

You just gotta show up and do the presentation.

So he was like, one of the people we tested it with,

we spent 3,600 bucks in ads.

He made, uh, 17 k in sales.

So obviously like, like super small,

but uh, it's like, like I guess like proof of concept.

Uh, I'm skip over that.

Alright, how do I structure a webinar?

Alright, so, uh, I don't know how I'm on time right now.

What time is it?

Four Okay minutes. So let me break down, uh, webinars.

So I, I have like example webinar.

I'm just gonna go slide by slide

and explain like what each slide is.

The psychological triggers we're pulling.

Again, I was talking about VSLs with these guys last night.

Like if anyone wants to kind of do share this with me

with VSLs, I would love it.

'cause I want to start testing that.

I just, I've never really done that.

Like this is I, so I write webinars like some

of you guys write VSLs, I guess.

Um, it's different though from what they're saying.

Like this guy was like,

or someone was like the, the last uh, uh,

the last 20 minutes, every webinar is the same.

You're just talking more about selling the thing.

Like is that, is that true? Is that the idea?

Or sorry, not webinar. Uh, VSLs, the last 20 minutes

for every VSL is the same.

Yeah. After you pa get past the ingredients.

Is that, yeah, so I learned that yesterday.

Okay, so, um, so uh, alright,

so there's three parts, uh, 60 to 90 minutes

for like a starter webinar by the way.

Like if this is your first time doing

it, like go for this time.

As you get more advanced, you can go

and do longer like, you know, up to two and a half hours.

The longer the webinar, as long

as you get the key components out before an hour

and 15 minutes, the longer the webinar is,

the higher the close rate's gonna be.

So you have the intro, you have the content,

and then you have the close the offer.

Um, so the intro, I'm, I'm using like an hour long webinar

as the example, but you could expand it out a little bit.

But the intro is eight minutes.

The content is about 30 to 40 minutes

and then the actual closing offer is about, uh, 15

to 30 minutes depending on who you are.

So I'm just gonna go over this side. Um, check, check.

Um, alright, so the, just kind of angled here.

Um, uh, so, alright,

so the intro, there's two things.

The headline and sub headline, I'm really just trying

to move so I can properly switch slides.

Um, alright,

cool.

Thank you. Alright.

Alright, so, uh, webinar, uh, uh, this is the start of it.

So let's say it's Millionaire Marketing Secrets headline,

how to Attract Unlimited Clients

with our funnel stacking method.

Proven to position you as a industry leader.

So just headline, sub headline. Here's an example.

This is the one we did for the insurance agent.

Oh, by the way, the case study I'm showing you guys is the

insurance agency one that turned three K into 18 K.

Um, this is the subhead sub headline slide.

Alright? Then we go through

after that we wanna go through like the hero's journey.

So, uh, I broke that down for you guys here today.

Like I was building this thing

and then it got ripped out from me,

which by the way is all true.

I didn't like, that's literally what happened.

But like, find what that is for you, right?

What's the story where you can share?

I went through this and then I

discovered what I'm sharing with you today.

Um, and then we do reverse authority.

Does anyone know what reverse authority is? Someone knows.

So most people say the reason you should listen to me is

because, you know, Miguel,

You do, I think The reason people should listen

to me is because I have this car, this jet,

this thing, this thing, this thing.

I'm a genius and you're not reverse authority is I'm nobody.

I can barely even, you know, cook toast, let alone,

you know, crazy things.

But I figured this thing out. If I can, you can too.

So we just flip it. Uh, so this is what we did for him.

I pulled this from one of his

old, I didn't really know his story too well.

So I just pulled this from like a old, uh,

and I had like, like four days to put this together.

So I just pulled this from an old presentation.

Normally we do this over multiple slides,

but we just did it one, and then we, like,

we went bullet by bullet.

Um, by the way, with with webinars, you want

to like make the, keep the slides going.

So if you can turn one slide into multiple slides,

do it like the less text on the page is better.

So like, ideally this is like the next time we run this,

it'll be like pictures with a little bit of text.

Um, alright, let me do a hook.

So you guys know this,

there's this thing called open

loops I heard about last night.

Um, as you stick with me to the ends, you'll, uh, so

you know, for everyone that sticks with me to the end,

I'm gonna give you my top 10 viral frameworks.

So you can start creating content that converts right away.

Some people will literally just watch the whole webinar

for this bonus and then we drop the bonus

in the chat at the end of it.

Or we just email it out in the follow-up, uh, email.

But this, there'll be people who buy just

because they're waiting to get the freebie

and they're like, oh, this is actually kind of cool.

So this is, uh, important, Uh, differentiator.

So why this is different than

everything else they've seen before.

The insurance guy, this is not anymore Merry Christmas from

the Dylan agency post.

No more boring corporate corporate stuff.

We wanna separate it from, basically

what we're doing is we're taking the common speak

for the industry and we're saying this is even if it is

that like this is not that, right?

I'm sure you guys are familiar. Then we

go the elephant in the room.

So, um, they know that you're gonna sell something.

So you just tell them, Hey, I'm gonna sell you.

Um, I put like a stripped down version of this.

Basically the way we do this is, uh,

at a more advanced level you can really command, okay,

so here's the, here's the hard thing about webinars is

you're speaking live to people

and we're really trying to engage them in the chat.

And if you mess up the delivery on something,

you're not gonna get the response

and it's gonna flop and then you're gonna feel bad.

And then like all this stuff. So err on the side

of like going the easy way if you don't feel comfortable.

But the way I do this is, is, alright guys, uh, look, I'm,

I'm a big believer in no surprises.

And so, you know, I just wanted

to ask like, who here's a little scared.

I might sell you something today.

Go ahead and type one in the chat.

And then just like the chat's like, well, you know,

everyone's saying one and then some people are like, no,

I don't think like, well hey look,

I got some good news for you.

I'm gonna sell you something here today.

I'm gonna give you opportunity to join my community,

but only for the people that get a ton

of value from today's session.

If that's fair, go ahead and say yes in the chat.

And then the chat lights up

and says, yes, we just did what we prime people

and we got them to get

an agreement that they're ready to buy.

That also prevents people from being at the end

of the webinar being like, he was just

trying to sell me something, right?

Because we already told them I'm selling you something.

Uh, but you can really mess that up.

So if you're not comfortable, don't do that.

Um, if you are, it's gonna help significantly,

especially when you see the pitch come

and then people get p****d and he's just trying to sell me.

Uh, future pace. Imagine six months from now when you have

this, this, this, your body's po you got six pack abs.

I dunno if you guys do this in VSLs, but yes. Yeah, cool.

Yes, we certainly do.

Just one needle a day keeps the doctor away.

Alright, uh, okay, so that's the intro.

Any questions on the intro before we move into the,

the content body?

Alright, cool. Um, alright, uh,

30 seconds. Here you go.

20 seconds now. 18, 17.

Uh, how long have you been testing revealing

that there's a sale versus not?

And also how long have you been testing

a free premium in the beginning

as a tease to get it at the end?

Uh, I have about the same amount of data on that

as I do the best traffic sources.

It's the how I feel about it system.

So, uh, yeah, uh, I'm, I'm not a data junkie.

Yeah, I mean I like, again, we like, I, I've been doing this

for some time and, but we started doing it like kind

of at scale like three or four months ago, right?

So this is kinda like what's I'm doing

that's actually working right now.

I don't have long enough time to give the data on it.

So, uh, let's think back up in

six months and I'll have that for you.

But you used to run it, you used

to run it without revealing that there was a sale, right?

And then you changed that, I

Imagine, did I say that?

Uh, I'm imagining that's just how it was in the industry.

And then you said you were trying to build more trust.

So I'm curious if that was just part of that

Strategy. Yeah, uh,

yeah, I didn't use to say it

and then people started saying, yo,

you're just trying to sell me something.

And then I added it and it, it worked better. Nice.

And I didn't have people p****d at the end. I like it. Yeah.

Um, great question. Thank you for that.

And I'm not gonna lie and say I have data if I don't.

Um, alright, so content, the whole idea

of the content is we're actually teaching something

and we're giving the what, not the how.

So we're teaching people the framework

and we're giving usually three things.

And then the how is to basically buy.

So you guys have probably seen this

before, like the three secrets.

It's what Russell Brunson used to call it.

Um, we'll do it three or four.

So again, I have like four days to put this together.

So it's not as strong as I would like it to be,

but it was like number one, I'm gonna show you

how using social media in 2025

and beyond could be the biggest game changer

for your insurance agency.

Number two, how to flip the switch.

Go from consumer to creator even if you have limited time.

And number three, how the way

to create authentic and engaging, right?

So we go through that. Um, I'm not gonna cover

that whole content section.

It's, it's relatively simple.

There's, there are psychological triggers to pull throughout

that ways to incorporate social proof.

Um, but what we're basically just doing

is we're teaching something.

Each one of those secrets,

we're breaking down a limiting belief

and we're rebuilding it back up.

So we think about what's the external limiting belief they

have the internal limiting belief

and a belief about, uh,

limiting belief around the mechanism.

Those are kind of the three things we'll do.

So external, it's saturated,

internal, I'm not good enough.

Uh, and then the mechanism is, uh, uh, this won't work

for me because I'm too young or it's internal,

but the mechanism would be like, I don't believe this works.

Or it's, you know, you could be a scammer, all this stuff.

Uh, at the end we recap it, okay?

And we'd basically just the same thing.

So what we talked about is boom, boom, boom.

Alright, make sense? Content make sense? Yeah.

Alright, cool. Um, now we go into the close.

This is the most important part.

If you f**k everything else up

and do this right, uh,

you'll have a higher close rate than if you mess

this up and do everything else, right?

So to get significantly,

we had someone do this like all wrong with the best,

the entire, everything else was set up

and he like chickened out and couldn't do this.

And it was, it was horrible.

And I'm, and like we're not working with him now,

but, um, so the worst thing you can do here,

alright guys, that was the content.

Now I'm gonna share how you can join my community, right?

That's like saying, hey, like I'm done teaching.

You guys can jump off now 'cause I'm gonna sell you.

So the way we do this is using a bridge slide.

So basically what the bridge slide is,

oh, have you guys seen this before?

So this is like very common where you'll see this,

you'll see this image or you'll see this one.

And, but let me ask you a question.

What's holding you back from applying this stuff?

Is it A, B, C, or D And I, we do that.

Um, but I'm gonna give you guys two ways to do this bridge,

uh, easy ones that I like.

Uh, so one is the two, two options close

and the other one is the information alone.

So two options is basically, look guys,

you guys can go about your way

or you guys can take the information I shared with you

for free today and you can go and apply it.

You know, it might take you months, years,

or you might never get there.

Um, or option two, you can work with me and share,

and I, I'll share the exact system on

how I was able to do X, Y, and Z.

Would it be okay

with you guys if I shared how you could work with me?

Type one in the chat and then the chat just goes crazy

people, I don't wanna buy jump off, uh, information alone.

So information alone or knowledge alone.

Oh, I got, do you guys use these at all in VSLs? Yeah. Cool.

You used information alone too.

Two options. Definitely two options.

A lot the information alone I'm

Hearing. Yeah. So

information alone.

Um, alright guys, we covered a lot today.

Um, would you agree information alone,

it's not gonna save you, right?

In fact, I don't care how many books you read,

how many things you show up for, what is it

that really creates the change in your life?

Execution. Yeah. So

what we're doing is like information alone is not gonna

save you, right?

And I'm, I'm creating this, this flow

of agreement when people where they're

saying, yeah, I agree,

You know, where we use that more in the VSL world

is actually the upsells.

'cause especially if it's, um, like an

info product type of thing.

Then in the upsells, like you had,

now you have all the information,

but you, it's another thing to actually implement it, right?

Like, people were getting great success,

you made a great decision, it's amazing, blah, blah, blah.

But like, I, I noticed that there was like this cohort

that even though the content was great,

they weren't still getting results and it was

'cause of the content you're

reaffirming how good the decision was.

But like, it's because of like the inaction,

they weren't like taking like, you know,

they weren't taking action of the information.

It's just like when you buy a book

and it stays on your bookshelf and like,

but even if you do read it, but you don't take action

and then like you're upselling them some

kind of coaching or whatever.

So I guess using upsell is more than in the close, but it's

Interesting. Thank you.

Is this making sense guys? Is this tracking?

I know it's like totally different.

It's actually not that different. That's the thing I

always feel like, I feel like it's,

it's a little bit different,

but I mean, yeah, we have the hero's

journey's very common in VSL.

The reverse authority, I like it depends on the niche.

Um, the open loops for sure, for sure.

Don't do an elephant in the room.

Future pace is really important.

There is sort of a teaching component a lot

of the time in A VSL where it's sort of like, here's the,

it's kind of really tied into the mechanism, right?

It's like here's like the real reason

for your problem, right?

And it's like, and by the way, looming beliefs, right?

It's not because, wait, it's not 'cause of genetics or

because of your metabolism, or it's like here's the one

thing that was actually causing the problem.

So it's like this structure will end up being different when

you do it, but the elements are actually, they're common.

They're just supp applied differently

and, and, and practiced differently.

But there's actually a lot of commonalities I feel like too.

Thank you. Yeah.

Um, so, uh, kind of coming to a end here on both

what I'm sharing with you guys today as well as

the overall structure of a webinar.

So there's a couple more slides I'll share them,

but really we go from the bridge, right?

So we use one of those two options, actually have like four

or five of them depending on what it is.

But those are two easy ones.

Uh, information loan is not gonna save you, right?

Alright, cool. Would you be open to me sharing

how you can get involved and take the next steps?

Yes. Okay, cool. That's why I created insurance creators.

And then we go into the value stack.

We basically break down, um, each item

of the offer in detail.

We provide proof that it works,

that we describe the benefits, we build the value

of each thing individually.

Uh, we do that for each item of the element.

So like direct mentorship, uh, has like multiple elements

of it calls coaching one-on-ones, all that stuff we through

that justify the value of 12,000.

I don't always put a value stack on,

'cause sometimes it's a little cheesy, um, and overused,

but it is like, it's proven to work.

If you guys wanna just play it safe, use a value stack,

like it's not, you can't go wrong with it.

Um, just design it like something like this.

Not like the red, you know, that everyone does.

Like, they have like the black text with the red, like,

don't do that 'cause people are used to that.

Uh, then we do a link drop.

So, uh, click the link in the chat.

If we're using a webinar platform,

we pop open the, the offer.

Um, I didn't really explain this properly.

Um, price drop is very important.

So if the price is 22,500,

I'm gonna drop the price like three times.

I don't, you guys might do this in VSLs,

but drop the price like three times.

So look, you know, um, that's why, you know, uh, I wanted

to make it so anyone who was

serious about this could get started.

That's why we priced it at 6,500 bucks

and you guys can get started today

for just 6,000 bucks, 6,500 bucks.

Imagine that this was only able to do this,

blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?

We future pace them again. Um,

but you know, when I was sitting at home with my wife

and kids and, you know, I was looking at the, you know,

my Lamborghini in the driveway, my pool,

and the ocean front view.

I just thought back to when I was first getting started

and all I had wished for was a proven system

that I could plug into and get results.

So that's when my wife turned

to me and said, let's do something crazy.

Instead of 6,500 bucks,

let's just charge 1997.

So that's the price drop.

Oh, and then that's why we priced it in 19 9 7.

But for everyone that joins today,

we're gonna go one step further

and we're gonna give it to you for,

uh, 14.97.

I wouldn't do another 50%.

I'd do like another 25% price drop there.

And that's like the today only price.

You can buy tomorrow if you want for two grand,

but today is 1997 or 14, 9 7.

Um, so then we drop the link,

you can join now start for 1200 bucks.

Then we add in bonuses, uh, fast action bonuses.

It's relatively simple. We just put we,

depending on the webinar, sometimes we'll do fast action if

like, hey, the first three people, you get this,

the next five people get this.

Um, or we'll do like a timer

or people that sign up in the next 10 minutes

we're gonna give you these bonuses.

Alright, those bonuses are gone now these people

that sign up when gonna get this, these bonuses.

But the point, the key point here is you want

to include three to five bonuses

and you need to have real urgency

and scarcity elements associated with it.

Um, we offer financing and payment plans.

So we have Affirm, Klarna, and Afterpay.

Anything above a thousand bucks, uh,

this is gonna help increase conversion significantly.

Um, so we'll mention this after that.

So we'll drop, we'll say, alright guys, um, uh,

you know, uh, I saw the chat

and I understand that for some

of you $2,000 isn't, isn't realistic.

So, um, we partnered up with a financing company.

When you click the link, you'll see these options pop out.

You guys can get started.

Um, and then we will hang on that for about eight minutes

and then we'll offer split pay

and we'll drop down to payment plans after that.

And then we do, uh,

you want to get as many of these as you can.

Yeah. Uh, says the bottom, you need

to have like good processing.

If you have good processing for the bottom two,

the top three pretty much anyone can get.

Are you guys, when you,

When you guys, uh, are doing it that way,

are you dropping, like is it still, is

that all on the checkout

or are you doing three different checkouts?

So like checkout one is like,

you get all the like paid in

full people. Yeah, it's different. Yeah,

It's a different link. Link updates.

Yeah. Smart.

Yeah. Yeah. Uh, okay.

And then FAQs. So at this point, uh, you guys need the call

to action, the real price, whatever it is to be done

by at least like an hour and 15 minutes.

And then like the rest you can just,

there's different things you can do to incorporate into this

after that point, but just stay on for a while.

FAQs, the way we do the FAQs is limiting,

it's basically just objections.

Like we just have them written out.

A lot of times people ask like,

how quickly we'll get an ROI on this?

Like blah, blah, blah, blah. So you, you script those out.

Um,

uh, yeah.

Uh, so when implemented properly, you no longer need

to force people to buy because they would've already said

yes before you even asked them.

Learning this was the only way I could really learn how

to sell because I struggled to sit across from someone

and ask for money.

So, uh, hopefully this is valuable for you guys today.

And, uh, yeah, happy to answer questions

or, uh, share value whenever on this. Thank

You. Thank,

thank, thank you Don.

One question I had, um, I didn't see in there like sort

of like testimonials and social proof.

Are you guys just sort of like peppering those in throughout

or is it like heavier in some sections than others or?

Yeah, uh, so two, two things on that.

Like, there's a lot of stuff coming in

that's making it more challenging to show, especially

Claims and yeah, Income stuff.

Uh, but we put them, so in the content section, uh,

we will show testimonial or uh, like proof.

So this is the same thing that, uh,

so let's say the mechanism is like typing messages on your

phone, like our offer, um, uh, this is the same thing that,

uh, Gabe used to make, you know, 3,500 bucks last month.

And we'll do a couple of those for each one.

And then in the actual value stack,

we'll put proof at the end of each one as well. Cool. Yeah.

Who else has a question for Dylan? Anyone?

Yes, Nick, this time you have 45 seconds.

We gotta really, you know, make it easier for

You. Yeah, I'm sorry if I went over

I'm,

Yeah, I'm curious about the middle section of that,

uh, of that promotion.

So I just, I'm just interested to hear like strategically

depending on what the offer is, uh, how you think about

the content section of what you're gonna give away

and like how that differs based on what the offer is.

Like if you're selling a method,

Gimme an gimme an example of like, like what's an offer?

Oh, like, like, uh, what's A product?

Yeah, whatever the product is. Yeah.

Gimme, gimme a product, a hypothetical product.

Oh, um, I don't know.

I'm not really in the biz app space that much. So

Gimme any, any product, supplement, whatever, uh,

Copyright post.

Yeah, let's, let's do a dating, a dating,

uh, course or something

From there. Yeah. So, uh,

so, uh, the three on that would be like,

um, So like the, it's the limiting belief,

internal, external, and then the mechanism.

So the internal limiting belief is like, uh, like how

to get girls even if you're short, fat and ugly, right?

And then I would just break down like, like,

like one little way that that works, right?

And then number two would be external.

It's like, um, you know, the truth about, uh, hot girls

and why there's actually more

of them out there than more single hot girls than than you,

you even know would find 'em, right?

So saturation of hot chicks.

And the third one is the mechanism.

It's like how, you know, the, uh, uncovering the, the,

the pickup secret was, you know, helps, uh, make it so

that you have more dates lined up than you can,

your schedule can handle.

And we'll just break down each one of those

and talk about it in the program.

And do you, is this stuff that you're actually pulling out

of the product to tease this free

content? Or are you just coming up with

That? So I'm seeding the

idea of what the product solves.

I'm not telling them the it's in the product. Yeah.

But I'm, I'm telling, I'm telling them what they need

and then at the end when I build the value stack,

everything that they need is in the product.

Okay. Yeah.

So I broke down a, a, a webinar once that was

for like an Amazon thing,

I can't remember, FBA or drop shipping.

And it was kind of selling the guy's method

and I realized that he was kind of,

he was teasing basically like the

method about how he does this.

And he basically gave away like the first three steps

of the method, kind of teased eventually

that there's o obviously more steps to it

and then kind of bridged it into the offer from there

where it's like, there's like a, a linchpin sort of secret

to kind of bring them both together.

It's like, and what you said,

it seems like the linchpin is like execution, uh,

and that's what you're gonna learn

inside the course or something. Is that,

Is That kind of another way another way you

Do it? Yeah, that works. That

works. Yeah. Yeah.

There's, there's lots of ways to structure it.

The point, the whole point of it is we're getting them

to want, uh, we're we're packaging up a sales pitch

through education as education.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nice. Yeah, it's pretty fascinating.

That's, um, just, sorry, should I take started? Sorry.

Um, no, it's just fascinating to see, like Stephan said, um,

every niche, uh, like how you sell a product

with a direct response sales letter,

I'll just call it webinar is basically another form

of a sales letter more or less.

Yeah. Um, and just how the,

the small differences in how you sell them.

Like I've been in financial, I've been in health,

I've never done bop, but you can see like the similarities.

But uh, you know, it's, it's, I just dunno.

I find it fascinating. It's pretty cool.

We give the what and the why, but not necessarily the how.

Here's what we do, here's why we do it, how we do it.

You're gonna get the offer

and you're gonna see that execution

Good good's up.

Okay, great. Yeah. My, my question is,

have you seen this work well

with professional service companies B2B, like selling

a high, a high ticket item,

but like a monthly recurring high ticket item,

like maybe a MSP or a law firm

or anything like that, that are selling what's ongoing

service managed service provider?

What do they do? It's generally like a monthly,

a month to month cost.

So instead of selling just a one time purchase.

Oh, okay, got it. It'd be selling a, a, a contract

or selling an ongoing service that's repeating. Yeah,

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Uh, best example would be like, you know, like let's say,

uh, um, what's the one we're doing right now?

The, uh, uh, he has a B2B thing

for, for car dealerships.

He sells like car he sell, he has car insurance product

for dealerships, um, like yeah, extended warranties.

And so we have a webinar that we're launching for him.

We get a bunch of dealership owners on the webinar

and he pitches that it'll, it'll crush.

Same thing. Like you could do this with c like CPAs.

Literally get like a bunch of, let's say I, I'm a,

I'm a CPA, we just get a bunch of like our target hour.

You're just getting your target average avatar on

a thing presenting and closing. So we've done it for that.

Your, your phone sales team will elevate your,

and you have a phone sales team that works those same leads.

So you get the low costing leads

and they're sign up for a webinar

and then you can still hit them with the phone,

whether they showed, didn't show,

if they're a lead on the list cost, you have the phone sales

that are elevating the overall process.

And b2b, that's pretty much essential.

There's, there's one thing I forgot. That's great.

Thank you. That's really important.

Um, I can't believe I forgot this.

So we put a phone number to text in.

People don't really do this.

So before the call to action, as we're kind

of going towards the pitch,

some people like want this, but they're dropping off.

So we put a phone number up

and we tell people, Hey, uh, if by the way, if working

with us more closely is something you're interested in,

here's the phone number to text right now.

Just message us the word.

We usually do like an acronym

and uh, we'll get you the info about it.

And what's happening is we're,

and we're also have, by the way, salespeople live in the,

or salespeople like a VA

live in the chat actually closing people.

And so like when someone's like, Hey, I'm interested,

or they have questions, like,

no one's really using the chat, like a sales thing,

but we actually have the messaging back, the people

that are saying they're interested in,

and then we get their phone number

and then we, we bring it over

and we're closing them like real time,

but like, while the webinar's on,

but they're like calling them and texting them.

So we will pick up, like we'll pick up like an extra three

to 4% just from that live on the webinar.

And then the next day, uh, the,

the VAs will pick up like another,

like the actually next day

sometimes is even more profitable.

We'll get like another 5% the next day from those. So

Thank You. Yeah.

Anybody else? All right.

So Dylan, thank you. That was awesome. Yes.

Thanks man. Thanks for having me.

Sweet. All right, well we're basically about to wrap here.

Before we do, um, does anybody have any final sort

of takeaways or thoughts or things you're going to implement

or lingering questions

or pain points in your

business that maybe the room can help with?

Anything that you want to bring up before we end?

Uh, you guys were good at

asking questions before our present.

I think this may have been the mastermind recently

where people were the best about like asking, there's a lot

of questions for each speaker, which was cool.

It was great. And I all, all good conversations happening,

so, okay.

If not, thank you all for being here.

I really appreciate it. Appreciate you all being, uh,

you know, members of, of ca pro

and just, I enjoy bringing

everyone together into rooms like this.

It's, uh, really fun

and um, just glad I get to help facilitate that.

And I hope everyone has a safe trip home if you're going

home and has fun tonight, if you're going out tonight.

And, uh, thank you all. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.

Thank you.