But this ad does something that I think is, is

so important for any piece

of content putting out there both organic and,

and paid nowadays, which is, how do I visually

keep somebody hyper engaged throughout the entire video,

not only visually how do I stop their scroll

and get them paid attention, but

how do I keep them listening to me?

And one of the easiest ways to do this,

take somebody listening to what you're saying

or writing, right?

The text overlays or audible, is again, visually

keep them really interested.

So this video is an ad for goalie,

and again, it's, think about supplements

and vitamins, pretty boring stuff.

It can get pretty, you know,

dense when people are talking about the benefits

and the science and all that.

This woman said, well, let me

visually illustrate this stuff.

And people really, really engaged and, uh,

and it does just an awesome job.

Recap functions. Keep hearing, hearing too much.

You can't stop being drunk even when you're not hungry.

Take, breathe by eye. Your skin never clears up a poke.

So let's start with this first part again.

It's 20 seconds of, you know,

she could have said this one or two ways.

She could have went through and said, Hey,

if you have these skin issues

and you're, you're frustrated with it, here's the solution.

And that's fine from a content perspective,

and it, it, it, she's illustrating a problem

and offering a solution.

Great problem, solution, problem, solution,

problem, solution, quick succession.

But if she was just saying those things

and just holding the product, probably tune out.

But because each one of these, she has this bottle

with a color liquid in it,

and she's throwing Mentos in there and shooting out,

I'm listening to her, I'm paying attention, I'm looking,

Hey is, you know, the bo each bottle's getting

a little bigger too, right?

So the, the colors are changing, the size

of the bottle by the end is getting bigger.

All these things. So there's, you know,

higher stakes, it's more interesting.

There's a surprise factor, there's a novelty factor.

All these things, and again, this is basic props.

Nothing here is expensive.

These are just empty soda bottles filled

with a colored liquid food dye, and then Mentos, right?

It's probably cost a few bucks in total to get these props.

And then just, you know,

you do each clip, each clip, each clip.

She's not even changing her outfit, right?

It's just getting more and more messy as she goes.

Her hands are getting dyed and stuff.

So that intro is so important

to think about your creative, what can you do?

What props can you include visually?

What can you be doing throughout the video to keep

that person listening to what you're saying

by ensuring they're visually paying attention.

$4.

And even this now she's talking about, Hey, if you wanted

to get these individually,

it's gonna cost you a lot of money.

These are, these are good points in a video, right?

If she was just doing a normal video without this stuff,

this is all really good stuff in terms of the framework

of a high converting ad.

But she's taken it to another level by having these prophe,

these visuals, holding all the different pills loosely in

her hand, throwing at the sound,

all these little things right now, getting rid

of all this with all of this, again,

now visually switching over to goalie

and even just the differences in nuances here.

It's subconscious of all of these are different sizes,

different colors, messy, not organized.

Now moving over here, it's branded.

It looks good, it looks structured, all that stuff.

And even little things here, right?

Her finger is still dyed with the food dye.

So as she's pointing to these products,

she has this weird like smurf blue finger, right?

So you're just, you're still little things like that.

Instead of having a clean finger pointing a regular pointer,

it's keeping me more engaged because it's different.

Probio told you

and me, you made $35 per bottle endorsed when, right?

That I can get all breathed for only $28. All money

Breathed. And

then even this of showing the actual checkout process,

this is something called firing kind of mirror neurons.

It's one of the reasons why when you watch Alex Honnold free

soloing, meaning climbing, you know,

climbing those rocks without any ropes, you're palm sweat,

you get nervous, you're safe, you're at home.

You're not gonna fall off a cliff and die.

But it's triggering mirror neurons

because your brain is putting yourself in

that person's shoes

and it's actually causing a physical reaction.

And so when you're shooting videos, don't just shoot videos

and do ads of the camera pointing at you.

Do your perspective, right?

Do POV stuff,

because now I can see myself

through your eyes doing these things

and it, it creates a deeper connection there.

And I'm more likely to actually do that thing.

So instead of saying, Hey, go here and, and check it out

and just put it on the computer screen, she's actually

showing her herself with her finger, kind of

what you would see if you were putting your finger down

there, placing the order, go through the checkout process

and doing just a great job

of triggering those neurons there.

Vegan lineally studied ingredients made in the USA

and still be zero sugar base, still have pretty,

And even that little thing there of going from call

to action to then some additional stuff,

additional selling happening back to call to action.

So what she went through at the very end there

of the bottle showing some of the ingredients

and stuff like not the

sexiest thing, not the most exciting thing.

You don't wanna lead with that. But for the person

that's gonna require, uh, more selling,

they're gonna require more logic to make a decision.

They're going to want those things.

So you don't lead with it.

You lead with all the other stuff

to trigger emotional purchase.

You know, illogical, kind of emotional buying.

The subconscious. You think about Daniel Kahneman, um,

you know, system one, system two, processing and thinking.

But then you have the people that are kind

of the more logical, rational.

They need the numbers, they need the science.

And you're able to sell to both

of those in a video like this with that additional, uh, clip

after the call to action.

Then going to kind of a second call to action.

Again, POV firing those mirror neurons.

You're seeing the deal, you're getting,

you're seeing the discounts, all this stuff.

And, uh, making it much more likely, you're gonna click

that buy button.