Okay, let's take a look at this ad right here.

So this one is similar to the reaction style ad

that we talked about, but it's different.

So instead of straight reaction to like a viral crater,

what you'll see a lot of the kind

of highest GMV best forming TikTok ads doing is taking clips

of, you know, pop culture clips, celebrities,

authoritative clips, shark tank, different things,

and, uh, using what those people say to kind

of support the, uh, the product, right?

So the, this is, this is

a little gray, I'll be honest with you.

This is a little gray of, um, you know,

there's obviously companies out there, like neuro,

for example, the the gum company that was on Shark Tank,

and do you use those clips?

And that makes sense, right? It's like, you know,

mark Cuban talking about it,

turning it down, all that stuff.

It, it fits the brand.

Then there's gonna be clips kind of more like this, where

it's a, you know, this is a supplement product

and in it, it's talking about, you know,

it's using clips from, you know, the Kardashians

and different scenes, you know, late night TV shows

where people are talking about kind of the, the class

of drugs, the class

of supplements the problem might be having,

and it's piggybacking on their celebrity, their authority

to just build, kinda have this trans transference

of credibility and authority

to what's being said in this video.

So let's just look at this real quick.

Christian rodeo, NIE face, looking at her sending

I women like this, praising the Sean ton.

What this where big going deal and going. Love it.

I love, I'm okay. Do it, do it.

Yeah, girl, I might feel more comfortable walking

about, feels like the same.

And the singing is only, sorry,

the, in a living room.

I'm down Well with my team.

So you'll see this video, basically the first half

of this video essentially is keeping people hooked

and engaged by, you know, using, uh, pop culture,

late night, Kurt events, virality,

celebrity, all these things.

It's entertainment. But through

that entertainment it's beginning to talk about the problem.

It's beginning to talk about some kind

of more macro level solutions.

And then once you've gotten to the point, then she comes in

and talks about her specific problem

or her weight loss journey, the specific solution

that she used

and, you know, goes into, goes into the product,

the benefits, the features, all that stuff.

But really that's, you know,

the other videos talked about

kind of break down the frameworks.

Nothing really revolutionary there.

The important part is really this kind of first half

of the video where throughout the video, again,

she's using late night, she's using other creators

that have gone mega viral talking about a product

she's using, you know, uh, one

of the Kardashians and their weight loss.

And again, not saying

that the this person is endorsing the product,

talking about the product, but just more

getting people in the door by piggybacking.

It's kinda like piggybacking on authority,

piggybacking on virality.

So again, it's not difference

between the reaction style video, the reaction style video

is more a, you know, another creator

talking about a cool tip, a cool thing,

and then reacting to that.

This is more celebrities pop culture.

I'm using that to get people engaged and watching the video

and interested in the problem.

And then I'm going into the, you know, specific solution

and then me selling that specific solution.