All right, let's take a look at a reaction style video.

This is a really, uh, easy format to do

because essentially what you're doing is you're taking a

popular video, a viral video, a video

that really gets the point across that you're trying

to sell in your video, and you're reacting to it,

meaning you watch a few seconds of it

and then you do your video responding to that video.

So, let's just take a look.

We're not gonna watch the whole thing,

but watch the first part of it.

You're not letting your dog run free.

You're not letting them live to their full potential.

However, you don't have to worry about them just running off

and it to use one of these correctly.

Same thing on there. It assume you can.

So these are really, really popular.

They're really versatile.

And again, all you're doing here is you're taking, you know,

three to maybe eight seconds of

that other video you're putting at the front of your video.

There's a few ways you can do it.

One is this way where it's kind of a floating video

and you're just kind of pointing to it.

The other is doing something called a, a stitch, where the,

it's a full screen of that video

and then it cuts to a full screen of view.

And you could put a text overlay

during the first few seconds saying, you know,

reaction incoming, or something like that.

People know it's a reaction style video.

So the, the ways you can do this

as well is one is the easiest, just like, Hey,

this is a viral video that you wanna kind of piggyback on

and you a reaction to it, right?

Something like this. The other thing you can do is,

let's say you want to set yourself up

for the right reaction.

Well, you could have somebody on the team

or some creator, basically shoot the source video

that you're reacting to, and then you do the reaction video.

So you kind of controlled both parts to it.

We've done this with a lot of success over the last few

years, and, uh,

it just gives you a lot more control, a lot more versatility.

Obviously, you wanna make sure

that it comes across as really authentic.

You don't want people to know like, Hey,

they made the react, the video they're reacting to,

and the reaction video,

it just doesn't have the same impact if it's pretty obvious.

So you just wanna make sure you, you keep

that in mind if you're doing that.

Um, the other thing too is like going back to

that modular testing approach, you can take the, you know,

the avatar and if you know that this initial video,

you're reacting reactant, you did really well, like do a,

you know, a female versus a male, do a, you know,

a different time of day, do a different setting.

There's different things you could do to again,

get more longevity out of this winning ad.

Um, but again, like the rest of this video,

we're not gonna spend too much time on

'cause it follow a lot of best practices,

but really it's this, the first few seconds.

So reaction style videos,

duets stitches do really, really well.

They're also very easy to make

because you just, it's natural.

You're just reacting, kinda responding to it

and, um, perform incredibly well on the platform.