Okay.

So the rest of the module, what I want

to do here is I want us to watch some tiktoks

for different products, and we're gonna watch them

and I'm gonna break down what is so good about them, okay?

What you can take away from that

and what you can incorporate into your ads to make sure

that they perform at the highest chance of success possible.

So let's start with this one. This is one of my favorites.

This product did just a insane amount

of GMV on TikTok shop for this water flosser.

Um, and, and I love this video so much

because it hits on so many things.

Like no ad out there is gonna be perfect.

No one out, there's gonna hit on every single trigger and,

and principle psychological principle and all this stuff.

But there are some out there where it's like, wow,

that just, if it gets me, it gets my attention.

I, I take it seriously. So let's watch the video.

We're gonna watch the whole thing through

and then we're gonna come back and

break it down scene by scene.

Ever seen this bunch don't come out at me before?

So this water monster has been going

crazy viral into TikTok.

I decided to buy it after seeing all the firestar.

I've always just broke my teeth and floss my teeth normally.

So I thought they were clean before I started using this.

I've never seen this sub. It was almost like this.

And flossing normally anybody,

you realize this thing seems out your mouth and go just so

before the regular cloth brushing.

And also it looks, feels good.

What's cool about this one is

that three pressure setting soft,

the horn setting is so fast.

Now after I've finished water flowing, there was

so much stuff that came outta my mouth

that I didn't even realize was in there.

I a lot dirtier than anything.

So I definitely still right now,

and these things are like 60

or 70 bucks for a good water glosser,

but 25 bucks, which created,

I'll leave the link, the TikTok shop

right here, they sell out quick.

Okay? So that's a sub one minute ad.

And um, again, a lot of people ask me like,

what's the best length of a TikTok ad?

What's the best, you know, all all this stuff.

And, and the short answer is there's no universal.

Like if you do this length of video,

it's gonna be the best performing possible.

What matters is, can you get the mission

done in that timeframe?

How long does it take you to get that person engaged?

Spark curiosity, begin building trust, credibility,

authority, establishing this is the right solution.

Objection, blocking all these things that you wanna do.

How quickly can you do that?

If you could do it in 10 seconds, do it in 10 seconds.

If it takes you two minutes, three minutes,

it can take you two to three minutes.

And it also depends on offers, right?

If you're running a high ticket coaching offer,

we've seen ads that are basically two and a half to three

and a half minute kind of versions

of our VSL work really well, if you're selling a $20,

you know, viral gadget, we've seen, you know, 15,

22nd videos do really well,

but we're gonna see a lot of videos be in that kind of 30

to 92nd range that, that's where we see a lot of

of perform top performing videos end up in.

It's kind of 30 to 90 seconds, obviously,

plus or minus from there.

But that's usually the time it takes to

get all the things you need to do across

to get somebody really excited

to wanna buy the product and pull their credit card out.

So let's start with this video.

All right, so within the first three seconds,

Never seen this lunch dunk come out

of me before. So it's horrible

Within the first three seconds.

It does an incredible job of stopping the scroll,

sparking curiosity,

and getting you invested into the, the story, right?

And that's the name of the game with ads.

It's if you can't do that,

doesn't matter how good your offer is.

Doesn't matter how, how good your pitch is, doesn't matter

how many doctors you have endorsing the product,

how many customers you have,

they're not gonna watch to see that part.

So what we need to do is we need

to stop the scroll in the first three seconds.

We need to grab their attention when to spark curiosity

and get them invested in a payoff, okay?

And that's what this video does.

So it has this great text overlay, my mouth is disgusting.

So that's a, a text hook. Then it has this visual hook.

You've never seen this much go

Of him using this water

flosser, water's pouring out his mouth.

It's kind of gross, kind of disgusting.

And then the audible hook, what he's saying,

I've never seen this much gunk come outta me before.

And what's important with these hooks,

there's kind of three hooks here, right?

So again, you have the text hook, you have the visual hook,

kinda the motion, and then you have the audible hook.

When if people do even all three of those, which lot

of people don't do all three of those, but if they do, a lot

of people just do the exact same thing.

So they say the same thing as they write, as they,

as they speak.

And that's okay.

But I look at this more as like, I kind of have a shotgun

so I can take three shots instead of one

and increase the odds that I'm gonna resonate

with the most people possible.

'cause maybe this, my mouth is disgusting hook

doesn't really work on me,

but this, I've never seen this much gunk come in

before him saying that is going to spark my curiosity.

Whereas this is just not gonna do it

and vice versa for somebody else.

So does a great job

of getting me invested in the story. It come

Out me board. So this

bar Bon has been going crazy viral on tape

And it does a lot of this great work of, you know, it's

selling the, you know, a lot of business when they run ads,

it's them talking about how great the product is.

Look how many reviews we have.

We have all these doctors, we have this, we have that.

The problem is, if I'm looking at it,

I don't trust you, right?

You're a business, you're clearly biased,

you're clearly subjective.

The way that this kid is positioning it is not,

it's not the business saying it, right?

It's the kid saying, Hey, this has been going,

I've seen all over TikTok, it's going crazy viral.

And I saw all these five star reviews

and the way it's framed, positioned feels more authentic,

more genuine, and more legitimate than if it was the

business kind of top down talking to now.

What you'll notice is throughout this video, there's lots

of cuts, okay?

Even though it's, it's the whole video is in one

location in a bathroom.

It's not staying a fixed shot on somebody for 60 seconds.

It's cutting from POV to himself.

It's cutting from him talking to the product.

And it's keeping me visually engaged

and visually interested,

which is really important on TikTok.

'cause you're competing for the dopamine heads.

So if you are just doing a boring direct to camera talk,

kind of like what we're doing right now is a course like

this would just not play on TikTok for most businesses.

Buy it after seed hole and five star, well,

let's just broke my teeth and flossed my teeth properly.

So I thought they were clean.

So even this, we'll talk about, you know, he's,

he's talking about, hey, I had this, this belief

that I'm sure a lot of people have that belief,

and I'm gonna tell you why that's the wrong belief.

So we're, we're getting a lot of people

that probably have this problem don't even realize they have

a problem, but he's getting people sucked in by saying,

Hey, I thought this.

A lot of people also think this, I was wrong.

Now people are gonna go, well, why was I wrong?

And then, what's the solution to fixing that problem?

Forrester, be Vegas. I've never seen this stuff. I

Continues to loop the curiosity to keep you invested.

So he, he references the hook again here to keep you wanting

to watch to the end, to get to the payoff.

If you have a longer video

or even, you know, a six second video,

you don't wanna bank on the person,

your hook being strong to keep them invested all day.

Then so you kind of, what they do here

is put some mini hooks in there.

So it's, it's kinda re hooking you throughout the video,

not just one hook in the beginning.

Ssy Alternative solutions, right?

And in the past video, when I talk about the modular

creative, some of these clips

are what I, what I referenced, right?

It's like these different pieces you can take in and out.

And so this is a alternative solution.

Hey, I thought flossing work, real

Life, this thing. Clean

up your mouth and go.

If you're so before the regular floss,

you brush your ear, this

Is better than what you thought is effective,

which is regular flossing,

regular brushing your teeth, look,

It feels good. What's

Alternative benefits?

So not, it's not just about

getting there actually feels good.

It's a nice thing. Cool

About this one just has three or print

Different features of the product that separates it.

So somebody watches, okay, cool water flosser, I get it,

I'm gonna go find the cheapest water flosser now on Amazon,

but now he's also selling.

Why is this water flosser a

better one? What's different about it?

Soft, Visually engaging does things throughout the

video that are unexpected.

So you wanna do that in your videos as well as, um,

especially if you're in like boring industries,

what can I visually do

that somebody's not expecting me to do in the video?

If I can do unexpected things, I'm going

to trigger dopamine.

I'm gonna fire a bunch of neurotransmitters, neurochemicals,

and that person's brain because that's, it's, it's,

you know, this kind of variable reward system.

It's why, for example, going to Vegas is so addictive

for people when they go play slot machines.

You just never know when I press that button,

am I gonna win a million dollars or lose my money?

And it keeps you going, keeps you going,

and you win just enough to keep you invested, right?

You lose, lose, lose lose, win, win lose lose, lose lose,

big win lose lose, lose little win, right?

So it's, it's, it's variable rewards.

It's, it's using the fact that your brain loves that,

of not knowing what's coming next.

You might get something good, you might get something bad.

And so this is playing on that in your ads again,

you're watching it, you're watching, you're watching it.

That why do you just spread it against a mirror?

It's weird, right? It's different

Is so fast. Even

That, that clip is like just, that's,

it's gross, it's weird, it's different.

It's not expected. No,

After I finished water flushing, there was,

Now here's the payoff.

So here's a little stuff to count outta my mouth. So

Much stuff that came outta my mouth

that I didn't even realize it was in there

probably lot during thing.

So I definitely think,

And now it's getting into the pitch, so it's referencing

that it's, it's, you know, on sale right now,

it's usually this much money,

but you can get it for a lot cheaper.

It's this crazy deal. It's the best price I've seen so far.

Even the pitch here is, um, it's soft,

it's not aggressive, it's not a hard pitch.

This is important when you're,

when you're running your ads on TikTok,

don't go for the jugular.

Don't, you know, don't do all the tacky,

you know, click to buy now.

Like just, it's, it's, it's boring. People scroll past it.

This more subtle of just, Hey, it's

links my bye if you wanna check it out.

Sure. It's just, it's,

it's not, it's not aggressive.

It's not in your face. Okay?

And then one final thing about this ad that I really like

is just the setting, right?

The whole, the whole vibe of it.

It's not polished, not fancy, it's not some, you know,

you know, fancy influencer or creator and their mansion.

Now there are probably products where there is,

that's the appropriate creator to use for that, right?

If you're selling luxury

products, something like that, cool.

But for this, you know, it's a kid in his dorm room, right?

And this feels really real. It feels really authentic.

There's no polish on it, there's no, there's no fluff.

It's just, this is what it is. This is the morning routine.

I think people can also relate to that.

Even like subconsciously, when you're in the morning,

if you're, you know, you have your makeup on,

you don't have your hair done, you're not dressed,

you don't smell great, right?

It's, you're, you're kind of out of it.

And so the style and tone of this video matches what people

are, are aligning

with when they're actually brushing their teeth,

flossing their mouth, doing all that stuff.

And that congruency is really important,

even if you're not constantly aware of it.

Just being super congruent with how

that person uses the product on their own is gonna increase

conversion rates.