So let's break down a totally different type of ad.

This is an ad that actually has no spoken,

uh, dialogue in it.

It's a kind of a SMR style ad

where it's really heightening the sound, the tactile sound

of interacting with the product

and the, the setting the product is in the key attention.

It's got quick cuts, so we're gonna watch this video like we

did last one, and then we'll break down why it works.

Okay. So, um, this video, we actually made a lot of, a lot

of variations of this one.

Some actually do have voiceover, some have music,

some have different sounds going on,

but just wanted to share kind of the,

the initial foundation video with you

to get a, a feel for it.

So, definitely the longer side, we made versions

that were actually, you know, shorter than this.

I think 40, 50 seconds starts to push you

with ASMR style videos.

Um, we made versions where you're actually, there's shaving,

so you hear the sound of the razor, um, especially

for the initial to have the scroll stopping

does a better job of that.

But the, the bigger thing here,

what I like about just showing this video

is the ASMR style video is really easy to make.

I wanna show an example of something here where, you know,

maybe you're intimidated to be on camera.

You don't want to be, you know, seeing the camera.

You don't wanna be speaking on the camera. Cool.

You can do a video like this where you're literally just

tapping the product, clinking the product, interacting

with the product, unboxing the product,

and using that to just keep attention to show the process

of receiving the product, experiencing opening it,

and then using the product and then getting the results from

the product so you can kinda sell this entire

transformation, um,

experience without actually ever saying a word.

So, yeah, these, these ASMR saw videos are really great.

And again, all you wanna make sure you're doing

with this is just you're planning how you're gonna kind

of amplify those sounds before you do it.

So, and you're, and you're really overdoing it, right?

So if it's a box, you make sure you

really, really tap at hard.

You're making sure you're really, you know,

you're clinking glasses together if you're, you know,

shaving or something like that, that you're very close.

And the cool thing is there's a lot of tools out there

where you can kind of turn up the sound,

amplify the sound to get more out of it.

But that's just the important part,

is you wanna have this whole flow mapped out.

And then you can use a tool like

Cap cut or edits, which are both, you know, free tools

to just clip these scenes together, put 'em together,

turn the volume up to enhance that sound.

And then if you wanna do a voiceover, you can do a voiceover

or you can just do text overlays like I did in this video

right here, uh, for this client of ours.

But again, ASMR style videos really, really effective,

really easy to make, really easy, again, talking about

that kind of modular approach to create clips,

to rearrange clips, to do different scroll stopping hooks

and get the most out of it.