All right, so in this video I really wanna highlight just

the, uh, the, the text overlay here, this little sticker,

more so than any part of the video.

'cause that's really what the, uh,

this video is all about is this is a common reply video,

which is very, very popular on TikTok.

You'll see this graphic right here.

Do you take all three together?

Exclamation mark, question mark.

And so there's actually a website, one of my buddies made,

called to comment.com,

TOK comment all one word.com,

where you actually create these stickers.

And so we like to do is actually create videos

where we take the most common objections, that kind of,

the easiest questions that are kinda the layups

that we know are the questions

that prospects always are gonna have,

that we can then create a video responding to 'em really,

really effectively and make those videos.

So that's what's really cool about this format of video is,

and I'll just play the first few seconds real quick for you.

If you're taking easy and see results, I'm gonna show you

how to Hershey Thumb probiotic d what clears the game.

So you see she's responding

to this comment directly, right?

Do you take all three together?

And then she's saying, well, if you're not getting the

results, you're not doing it effectively.

You're not doing, you know, the system the right way.

And so this is probably a very common question they got.

So, hey, let's just shoot the video answering that question.

And so we'll do this all the time where we'll take a,

you know, a, a very common comment that we're getting over

and over and over again.

Let's just create this sticker using c**k comment,

use cap cut and just overlay on the video

and just do a quick 32nd, 42nd

or so answer to that question.

Or, you know, we'll, we'll respond to that question

or we'll block that objection wherever it might be.

So again, really versatile type of ad, really easy to do.

Um, you're really just relying on the kind

of market feedback, your customer feedback, your,

your customer comments on the feeds organically

and paid to set up any of those ads you wanna make.

This also one final thing makes

for a really good retargeting, uh, type of ad

because you can look at it, Hey, anybody

that's warm, they already know the product.

There's gonna be some objections,

there's gonna be some reasons they haven't bought yet.

So you can easily make a list of like, we'll do the top,

you know, 10, 15 reasons somebody hasn't bought the top 10,

15 questions People have that.

When they get that question answered, they'll buy.

And then we'll just create a series of videos for all

of them, run them as retargeting ads, and uh,

and we see a pretty huge spike in conversion rates there.