Alright, so in this video I want to quickly show you how to

use deep research for coming up with like ingredient studies and claims you

can use, um,

when you're writing sales copy. The reason I say quickly isn't because I'm trying

to skip through this section, it's because it's honestly pretty fast and

easy here. So, I'm going to show you an example just for

our skincare, the UD Eye Serum.

Okay, like, okay, these are the ingredients for an Eye Serum I've been doing

sales copy for. It has the main ingredients.

I'm attaching two documents for reference. One is an overview of the market and

their pain points. The second is a unique mechanism I'll be using.

What I want you to do, what I want is for you to,

Sorry, who is it? What I want

for you to do is come up with a list of claims for each

ingredient that can be tied back to specific studies or research.

This research needs to come from stuff published on NCBI,

that's like, uh, the national, basically like the government's registry of,

uh, studies, or other scientific journals,

and cannot include things from random blogs or websites.

Give preferences to RCTs, that's Random Controlled Trials.

with humans, but if those aren't available,

you can include other studies too. Claims should be focused on the following things.

One, how the ingredient supports the unique mechanism of the solution,

when applicable. We will, uh,

I'll mention, kind of give more context on that in a second.

Two, additional studies of how the ingredient helps alleviate pain points of the market,

regardless of the connection to the mechanism. Please keep the claims digestible with references.

I don't need a big biology lesson, I just need to, uhm,

I just need, should I say, I just need accurate claims showing the best

efficacy and results possible for each ingredient,

so I can take those and use them in various marketing assets.

Alright, so that's it, okay?

Now, the second version of the prompt is,

like, what if you don't,

basically if you don't have a mechanism.

Honestly, it's actually basically the same prompt,

you just wouldn't have a mechanism, that's why I said it wouldn't be applicable,

right? So,

I'll show you another version of it though, or honestly, I'll just call it

an example too. Uhm,

or just an example, like, I have a blood sugar tube,

I'll show you more of them, okay? So,

I have a blood sugar one on stream right now, but let's go back

to our friends at perplexity,

okay? And I ran into a couple of different prompts,

I actually want to show you, this is super vague,

I've been doing too much stuff today, honestly. Uhm, I think this one first.

Okay, so I did this the first

time, right?

Same process.

Same prompt you just saw. I forgot to include the mechanism in the research,

but what I liked about perplexity is it was really fast,

okay? So this is the peptide. Clinical studies demonstrate up to 32%

reduction in wrinkles and 14% increase in skin firmness.

A link, it's coming from the company that makes the peptide,

but I know that's fine. Promotes production of tissue inhibitors of melaprotonases,

reducing collagen to grain enzyme activity by approximately 33% That's all for today.

30% and 22% for elastase. Simulates collagen fiber contraction,

leading to improved skin structure and tightening. A 0.5% concentration shows measurable improvement in

wrinkle depth in clinical trials. Okay.

Hydration and barrier support. Pistachio lenticest

extract. And so basically you can see what it's doing here is it's giving

me like studies and it's giving them to me in really digestible little

chunks. Why does that matter?

You might ask, I will tell you why that matters because a bit later

on when we get to the B

of briefs, which is, I guess, so a brief, it's really creating inputs for

AI, the things we're going to do it.

I'm going to show you this little generator is.

You're going to do the unified research brief, you do the unique mechanism,

which we're going to, uh, you'll see in a,

you know, the next training after R, um,

and then you can give it, I think it's this one here,

sorry, this one, like a list of the studies,

right? So it's like what I did is I combined perplexity and chat

dbt and made it into quads that they're,

um, whatever. but so I gave that,

and basically I gave it studies like the ones you just saw from perplexity,

right? And then you'll see that when I did that,

it generates all this stuff. All I do is give it the website

and it generated all of these things. So it's pretty nifty,

right? Okay. So the answer is definitely right.

So that was perplexity, which was pretty solid.

Um, I also did it with chat GPT,

chat GPT was pretty good too, but did reference personal care magazine.

I don't like that reference as much, but that one was fine.

So Gavin publishers is not the worst coming from a publishing place of studies,

but basically it just did research too. So it was pretty good.

Now I like perplexity. So as a goal, what about,

you know, I'll show you another example. So in this case,

oh, sorry, let me show you one other thing with chat GPT.

With chat GPT, I did include the

unified research output and the ISR.

Why was the unified research output nice? Because

it kind of knows what the pain points are,

right? So if you're doing that, this and, you know,

it kind of knows what we're looking for with the studies.

And then I did the mechanism, right? So it gave me the studies,

like the same thing as with, um,

perplexity, but because I include the mechanism here,

you can see where it talks about by curbing these collagen breakdown enzymes,

um,

DPH preserves the dermal matrix and promotes to tether re-woven college and art.

protection for firmer skin that matters because

that's sort of like a mechanism that we came up with in the examples

when I decided to use in this case. So it's tying this back

to the mechanism here. So that's kind of nice.

There's pros and cons to this though, okay?

What's interesting is like, it still gave me good data.

So, I mean, frankly, I think this is all, Overall, pretty good,

uhm,

perplexities was kind of the best though. It was the most bite-sized,

and, but it wasn't tied to the mechanism,

right? So I did run that

again with the PDFs

uploaded. but here's the thing,

remember how you saw that 32% figure for the peptide?

ChatsCPT had it, Perpuxy had it.

This time it didn't mention the 32% reduction in wrinkles.

That's a big thing, uhm,

to miss, right? And so I don't know if it didn't do it because

it was focusing on the mechanism more,

but honestly, like, you might want to run it once without the context

of the mechanism and once with Be good to it, because you might get

slightly different studies and you can just combine them together into one PDF,

or one document that you turn into a PDF for quad. So hopefully that

makes sense, okay? So we saw some good things here. Anyway,

did the same thing, here's the ingredients for blood sugar,

support, chew. I just copy and pasted one from like a private label cow

that I had. It's actually in prompt. So you use Xylitol,

significantly improves glucose tolerance in humans and animals.

Studies reduce fasting blood glucose by 29.3% in type 2 diabetic

rats, something else here,

associated with a 73% lower risk of pre-diabetes progression to diabetes in humans

with elevated baselines at all levels. Metabolic benefits,

decreased plasma insulin levels, triglycerides,

blah blah. Ceylon, cinnamon,

m************ of 10 random controlled trials showed significant reduction.

in fasting plasma glucose, minus 24.59 in type 2 diabetes patients.

Reduced age. So basically, if you know supplement copy,

you know this is, like, great. You're like, oh, cool,

this is pretty much solved, right? And it did it for each and every

ingredient. So, I actually perplexed most for the ingredient research,

um, and it's really as simple as that.

Now, if

you want anything else, you can ask more questions, you can always go deeper,

but frankly, this is pretty damn good,

right? Um, and that's why this is a short thing,

because really, you just run this prompt, where the ingredients are,

and it'll get your research done for you, courtesy of Perplexity and or ChatGBT.

So, there you go. Thanks.