Okay.

So first of all, hope everyone's doing well.

Hope for those of you in the US you had a great 4th of July,

uh, and 4th of July week and it's good to be back.

Today we're gonna be going through the next part for VSLs,

which is gonna be product buildup and Reveal.

Before we do that, as usual, we are going to take a minute

or two to share any wins that people may have had, uh,

since we last were together.

So if you've gotta win something, uh, in your, you know,

your business, but whether you know your business

or on this call or you work with a business, uh,

something like that went well copy wise,

testing wise, offer wise, funnel wise, email wise,

whatever it is, I would love to hear.

Feel free to unmute yourself, uh, and share

or put it in the chat and I'll go

and give everyone a minute for anyone

who might have a cool win to share.

Awesome. Yeah, I, I got a couple

of cool wins from the feedback you gave

me maybe two weeks ago.

Nice. Um, the credit, I think it was the cred that,

that credit score book, um,

and the upsell page on that with the,

with like the 12 minute video, um, I pretty much got that.

I, like, I transcribed that video, um,

and then summarized it and then, you know,

got it re rewritten for, for a client on their upsell page.

And we went from like getting a 10% take rate

on a $47 upsell

to getting like a 30% take rate on a $97 upsell.

Wow. So the, yeah, like the backend cranks on that funnel.

So we've been happy with like a 0.6 row

as on the front end, but now we've had like three

or four days in a row in the green, um, on that funnel,

which is gonna just allow us to do f*****g crazy,

like a way more volume.

Um, so that's completely just change, change that funnel.

Um, and then another win for another client.

This, you know, the CPA had just been getting higher

and higher the last year

and I was going f*****g crazy

with creatives trying to get it lower.

And then I watched a training on the viral hooks, how

to create like endless viral hooks

and I just got a bunch, I just used that

and made a bunch of new viral hooks for ads

and just like the,

Gone from like a hundred to, it's, uh, yeah, pretty crazy.

That's sick man. Those are amazing wins.

So I love hearing that. Thank you for sharing.

And um, yeah, that training from, from Jay on the upsells

and then like the sort of, um, transcript of that,

I just did it for our pet supplement stuff too, we're,

that's in production, but, um, it's, wow.

I feel like every time I, I tell people, I'm like, look,

just go model off of this

and then people actually model off of it, you know,

it really wor it's crazy.

It just gets like massive wins for people.

And uh, but it's also funny

'cause we have members who have told them for like years

to do that and like they haven't done it.

And I'm like, okay, I don't know,

but I'm glad you Good, good.

So good action taking as well.

I'm glad, you know, that's good

that you implemented that very quickly.

That's a crazy lift. That's dope.

Yeah, like literally what it, what it means.

Like, it, it's also like a, a year of me kind of

not putting my attention in the right direction

and then putting it there finally.

But like what it will actually mean

for those two businesses is like, you know, it's,

it's probably like if we sustain these results, it's like,

yeah, it's millions of dollars a year in difference

and what that's gonna allow those businesses to do.

So it's, it's pretty significant.

That's awesome. Well thank you for sharing.

That's really cool. Um, yeah, thanks. Cool.

Who else has got a win, if anyone?

I have a small one. Uh, sure.

We implemented the test you recommended

regarding pricing per bottle instead

of showing the full price.

Yeah. Uh, per each monthly supply for our offer.

Uh, at first it was like, first date was like 30%,

36% increase.

Then it dropped to like 20, 25%, uh, which was great.

Right now it has, uh, dropped off a lot.

Like it's a 2% increase. Hmm.

Uh, but we also had the bad days on Facebook,

so I don't know if it's a traffic issue,

but so far like the result, the results looked promising.

Nice. Yeah, that's great. The,

The past couple days didn't perform well.

Yeah, Facebook's been a little bit tough the last couple

of weeks, so I think that's pretty

really the last week or whatever.

Um, so yeah, I don't know. It

will probably seem more data to see.

There obviously will be a lot of variants.

Um, you know, I've shared this in the,

the business owner group, but for everyone on the call, um,

like, you know, for example for peptides for, uh, yeah,

election season, it's a huge part of it.

Like this is over 1,122 conversions

for split testing from different headlines.

And this is like, so the original is to lose weight

and stop overeating of a prescription

to semaglutide tirzepatide.

And so I wrote this headline, which like at,

back in the beginning, so in part of me feels pretty cocky

'cause we tested, we tested these other variants, um,

including a couple that I thought would've been like the

winner for sure that aren't, uh, this one variant one,

which I'll show you guys in a second appears

to be when it's at a massive lift.

It's, um, basically today it's at 4.22,

it was at over 6% over like the last few days.

And then today, um, all of our ads actually went down,

which is super duper like,

we'll it's not for us, not a huge deal.

Like, we'll I'm back up tomorrow.

But, um, it's kind of unfortunate.

Uh, but um, but the thing that's interesting, I don't think,

because this is like our CRM team set this up,

I think I can't show you like the kind of criss crossy thing

that would, would kind of show you like the change history.

For some reason I, I gotta ask him for permission for that.

But essentially if you look at it, it's very like, it,

it's sort of fluctuates a a lot, right?

And so not that everyone can test over a thousand sales,

but, but going back to, you talked about

before how long to test, I mean like really it's only been

for the last 200, 150 sales

that this one has been consistently ahead

of this one, right?

It's had a 71% chance to win.

So it's still not even certain.

And again, this lift isn't like massive,

but it all makes a difference.

Everything obviously adds up or whatever.

Um, and so the headline difference too isn't even that big

of a difference.

Lemme open this real quick, I'll show you guys.

Um, so it's really just take control

of your weight loss journey, reduce cravings and achieve.

So literally we're just basically adding take control

of your weight loss journey versus, uh, you know,

lose weight and stop over from prescription.

But it does seem to be having a little bit

of an impact, which is so interesting.

Um, but anyway, the point is like

it's a matter of probably

needing enough sales to go through.

And then also just the fact that yeah,

Facebook has been kind of extra s****y the

last, I don't know,

The last week. Yeah. Like for some reason

when we had bad performance from

Facebook, also the test didn't perform well.

Yeah, I know that's, so

that's the thing today I'm wondering about,

because again, this went down a bit today,

but basically our ads died

and so we're still getting some sales,

but there are people who, some of 'em are sort of

re you know, might be cookie or retarget.

So I'm not sure if it's f*****g up for our stats or not,

but, um, but yeah,

but again, it is sort of, if I got our conversion rate,

it's basically been like 1.4 to 1.5% every month for like,

since like March and then last two weeks it's been

around like 1%, which is sort of like,

and it's not just ad fatigue.

It, it, it's, I don't know what it is.

But anyway, um, well keep you posted on that.

I mean, it should, it should win, especially on a OV, right?

Um, yeah and conversion, right?

So be curious but, uh, appreciate you sharing.

Anyone, anyone else have one you wanna share?

Don't be, don't be shy if anyone does.

I've got a couple other tests I wanted

to see if I can show those real quick here.

So this one, nah,

there's a couple other interesting tests we're doing.

I'll show you guys another tests we're doing real quick if

everyone's curious 'cause it's fun

to talk about tests real quick.

This one all weird European GDR

um, this one's just like went live today

and then, you know, like I said with traffic s**t the bed.

But, um, what's interesting, I'll show you guys same thing.

The, uh, you know, our, our kind

of control landing page, let's see real quick.

Um, which is essentially, you know, been running

for a while here and then basically

what they looked at heat maps, right?

Our CRO team is

that essentially the two places people are hanging

out is above the fold.

And then the FAQs, right?

The FAQs by far get the second most clicks in action.

Um, and that's one of the reasons why I created

this page here, uh, which we, I wanna test as well,

which is sort of that caman style page for those

of you who've heard me talk about that, where it's sort

of a glorified FAQ.

So I do also wanna test this,

but what our CRO team did was essentially a variant of this

that um, uh, basically moves up the FAQ.

So lemme show the preview variation,

this one, whoops, there we go.

And so see it's kind of like the same above the fold

and it goes right to FAQs

and then goes through the copy here

and it sort of changes the order a lot.

So I'm actually super curious how this test is gonna do

because it's sort of a similar concept going right to FAQs.

So I was really excited when live today

and like I said, ads died.

So I'm like, damnit, that's super frustrating,

but again as we'll come back up like tomorrow and whatever.

Um, so I'll keep you all posted.

So that's what's cool with the CRO team though we have, um,

this time we have a couple other tests too that we're doing.

And so it's be fun to be able to share the data.

'cause you know, we get, we do a decent amount of volume.

There's like a, um, where was it?

I'm not sure why this hasn't gone live yet.

Like a sticky CTA for mobile, right? How's that gonna do?

We're just gonna start getting like a lot

of like data in the coming weeks.

And so it'll be pretty cool to share that for everybody.

But yeah.

Um, arm mean said we're seeing the same thing on the heat

map on our supplement offer above the full plus F aq.

Um, that's Core Army. Yeah.

Uh, seven, i, I basically, it was a new thing

that Sky House like Jason Kasi Ray

wearing our ads had never seen.

And um, that it was like some kind

of privacy policy thing

or it was just sort like data privacy, like check failed

or something like that it was called.

And um, it was like on like one ad

but it literally took down like all the ads across like

multiple accounts for some reason.

And then they asked, you know, their sort of rep person

and then the rep person was

like, I've never seen that either.

Um, so,

but you know, they, with their level of sort of spend

and all that, like, you know, they, they sort of get like,

usually ads come back up, like, you know what I mean?

Um, but basically all ads got like, uh, you know,

were like not approved or whatever, right?

We're disapproved and, and,

and so that's why we were taken down.

But um, we'll probably get all those ads back up

and then they have other accounts and stuff like that.

And then tomorrow through,

I think basically the next five days they're gonna be in

Puerto Rico with like literally the head of Facebook

advertising for Latin America.

And so they're gonna just sort of be able to talk with

that person about what's going on too,

which will probably help us a lot.

But yeah, compliance, but it wasn't about like

pictures or claims.

There was some weird thing about, again,

some privacy check fail that like, I don't know

what the hell, and they don't either.

So I don't know, you know, but,

but going back to the point that, uh,

Bo made about the election season, I mean,

in general we're just anticipating that until the election

ends, uh, everything's gonna be very wonky across

all the different platforms.

Like, and it's good for everyone to know, even

for the people on this call who are, uh,

primarily copywriters, right?

Who are team members of, of, of, uh, you know,

different companies who, you know, um,

that when you guys are writing, you know, copy,

you're launching stuff like, you know, there's,

I would take, take all the metrics

and data with a grain of salt basically between now

and the election because yeah,

it's Signal with YouTube, right?

I don't know for anyone on here runs heavily on YouTube,

but from what I'm hearing, it's like been extremely hard

to get stuff approved on YouTube right now.

We just had a call with Sky about that.

We're about to kind of, um, you know,

we're basically budgeting like 150 grand

to figure out YouTube, which is like, you know,

'cause we're like, we know it's gonna be,

it's not just about like the kind of audiences

and like the ads,

but we're also anticipating, like they were saying

for their skincare offer they run, um,

and they do like a thousand plus prime a day for

that skincare offer that like, you know, they had like,

basically it was like a zoomed in face, like nothing, no,

like wrinkles, no before or after.

And essentially like YouTube

and Google didn't like the zoomed in face,

so it took them like 12 variants of the ad

to finally get one approved and stuff.

And um, so it's just gonna be a tricky environment.

And part of that with Google too is also their AI is like

checking stuff and just sort of like flagging everything.

So, um, but I think at the same time with those things,

it's like every, um, and we will get to VSLs in a second.

Hopefully people don't mind these, these side conversations,

but hopefully you find interesting as,

as marketers and all that.

But, um, you know, the, the flip side of

that is when it's really hard like that

and you can get approved and you persevere, right?

Or you are able to run, like you tend to,

there's a lot more ad inventory

and there's less competition.

And so typically, you know,

you can actually make some really big gains

and do really well, um, you know, during the hardest times,

uh, for approvals and,

and when ad networks are the toughest.

But like it's, it is a pain in the ass,

but when you do get going, uh,

it's actually, you know, pretty awesome.

You'll tend to to do quite well. So,

Yeah. Alright. Hey,

question regarding Convert.

Um, I've never, I've never used it before.

Do you, is that something that you plug into

where you host your, your funnels

or do you the funnels in Convert or how does Convert work?

Yeah, I, so I mean, I didn't set up our CRO team did I've,

I've been, I've been involved with other offers

and brands where we've used it in the past as well.

Um, but I'm, to be honest with you, I I can find out exactly

how it works, but I don't, I don't,

and actually the guy who's running it is gonna speak at our,

um, event for, uh, I I'm sure if you're gonna be coming to

that, but the one at the end of, uh, August.

Um, but um, yeah, I think

we're not, I mean, we're not saying

the funnels didn't convert.

So basically, you know, it's gotta be doing like some kind

of like, you know, like Pixel or UTM thing or,

or tracking code or something like that though.

'cause we're not building an in convert.

Okay, cool. Cool.

Yeah, that's interesting, Stephan.

Yeah, I know they, they like convert.

We had, um, what do you call it, uh, BWO as well.

But these guys just like convert the most.

And I, I've, like I said, like I, when I was part

of Cody Bramlett, um, we were partnered

and I helped 'em go from like four to 20 million in,

in like a year on supplement stuff back in like 20,

I guess it was probably 19, but he used convert as well,

and I actually do like, convert a pretty good amount.

But, um, all right, sweet.

Well, I wanted to share that stuff, but let's get into today

and the kind of content which is

about the product open reveal.

I don't think this will be a super, super long call.

I think, um, it's really, but I think this,

and I, I made this a couple

of the points I make on a previous call,

but if you weren't on that call

or just as a reminder, I think it's pretty important.

So if we go back to our outline

that we've been looking at here,

and as always I'll share, uh, you know, a link to this

with the replay, um, you know, the product buildup

and reveal part is generally like

after the unique mechanism, uh, right,

so they know like the real problem, they know the solution

and they're kind of like, typically like now I have to like,

you know, bring that solution, like package it up, right?

And, and typically it's like they'll look

for like an quote unquote,

like outta the box version, right?

Uh, but 'cause of course

that's like the consumer's question often as well, right?

Like, okay, well there's like a, uh, you know, perfect,

if this is the, the problem then, you know,

I just can go buy X, y, Z package.

But it's like, oh, actually it's fault.

You can't do that, right?

And so typically, um, the spokesperson,

he or she has to, I said himself,

but right, has to, uh, you know, do it themselves and create

or find like a, a better solution.

And then the really important part,

and I, this is the part I emphasize I think on the first

of these VSL calls is that having a bit of like trial and,

and tribulation

before, like essentially finally discovering the product is

actually really an important part that I sort of overlooked.

And I realized that's a lot of like the sort

of best copy there, especially anything physical.

I think it also does work for info,

and I'll talk about that, um, too,

but, um, having at least like a little, some kind

of section there, uh, tends to like increase conversions.

And so, you know, we will look at examples,

but what that means is kind of like, you know, like I'll,

I'll give you, I'll give you an info product example, right?

So sort of like, all right, now I have the

system I just need to share with people.

So I started writing everything down.

Um, and, you know, I gave it to like a small handful

of my friends and they said it was pretty good,

but they were parts that were confused about,

or this part, you know,

the system seemed like it wouldn't work.

I had to make it even easier. And so I went back

to like the, you know, my office.

I spent like, you know, countless nights, like,

how can I make this the most simple plug

and play system possible?

Um, you know, like, uh, ultimately I, I went

through 10 different versions of this like, you know, method

and, and how to explain it, how to refine it and,

and you know, until if fi I had something

that was like really, uh, that hit like right, everyone

who used it said it was the easiest thing that they could

be, you know, they could give it to their,

their 10-year-old son or daughter

and they would have success too.

And now I'm so excited to share it with you.

And that's product, right?

So that's what I kind of mean by this.

The setbacks and trials and tribulation.

So let's look at a couple of examples.

We'll do physical here.

And then I have, um, I was trying

to find a good example from an info product before the call.

And I had this one, I'm not,

I'm not sure if it's perfect or not.

We'll do Beverly Hills first.

'cause we've looked at this pinch test one a lot, right?

So we've got the transcript

and I had quad actually clean up the part that's the kind

of product built open reveal.

So basically just gone through like the ingredients

and all of that, and they're like, you know, I I,

I found these things where I found a solution that's gonna,

um, address the, the biggest issues

and make people appear like older with sagging skin wrinkles

and loss of radiance, right?

But before you run out and buy these same supplements

for yourself, I must warn you.

So let me actually go back to the, uh, the outline again,

the overview I would do side by side,

so we can kinda look at both things.

Here's this, I pull this out,

Right?

So, you know, solution is right outta the box.

We literally right here like, oh, like, you know,

go buy these supplements.

I'm talking about these supplements. I can't just go buy

the outta the box version, right?

Um, but they're fault, right?

Well, the ingredients themselves are all backed by science.

I strongly discourage you from using any

of the collagen saw palmetto

or hyaluronic acid supplements

currently sold in the US stores.

You see, back in 2015,

the New York State Attorney General's office ran DNA tests

on 24 popular supplements sold in major retailers,

including some of the most popular brands of saw palmetto,

and found that 19 of them didn't contain

the advertising ingredient at all.

I'll say that again. The vast majority

of supplements didn't contain the very thing they were

claiming to, uh, claiming to supplement.

But here's what's even more infuriating.

Several of them were actually found to contain contaminants.

So were not with some label that's absolutely appalling.

And sadly, it doesn't look like things have gotten much

better since it's cracked down.

Because after studying dozens of popular collagen,

supplemental and h ha supplements recently myself,

I discovered that they were also diluted with fillers.

There was barely a trace of the active ingredients in them.

Not to mention that extremely low permeability,

meaning your body can't even fully

absorb what little amount there is.

So if you're wondering why Joann's formulas are

so effective, it turns out she'd been ordering them directly

from laboratories in Europe at a whopping cost

of over $150 for a bottle.

And that's not even including international shipping fees.

Mind you now spending $500 every month

to maintain this regimen might sound like a steal

to my celebrity clients, but it was putting a serious strain

on Joanne's finances.

So I can't get conscious recommend this option to you,

because the truth is you can actually get even more dramatic

results for less than the price of a cup of coffee.

That's why I'm talking firm visibly firmer,

more lifted looking skin, fewer lines

and wrinkles in a beautiful radiant complexion,

all in one simple step.

Best of all, this is just something every woman can afford

to do daily, and it works at any age.

So rest assured that no matter how old you are

or how far your signs of aging progress, a younger version

of yourself is possible to achieve how you ask.

Well, in an effort to make Joanne's age funny regimen more

accessible, my partner Dr. Daniel Poor

and I decided to take matters into our own hands, right?

So now it's like we have to do it ourselves, right?

We talked about it like, um, right here, right

after all, we had access to the Rose Best laboratory.

So finding the purest and most powerful form

of each ingredient wouldn't be a problem

because we'd establish good working relationships

with their lead scientists.

We could easily source 'em for

a fraction of their standard costs.

However, right? There's more setbacks. Right?

After doing more research, we discovered

that the skin forming effects of salt, palmetto,

collagen high acid could actually be amplified even

further if vitamins A and B.

So I guess it's not a setback, but it's still

like there's more things happen.

Like there's more tinkering.

Um, so quickly added, like we added B vitamins.

We added a vitamins, but here's like the problem, right?

The only problem, well, according to our calculations,

these results could only be achieved if all five ingredients

were consumed together every day.

And let's face it, that's why I post to swallow.

So to make it easier to stick with the plan, we decided

to try combine them into one multi-active formula instead.

Uh, now lemme be clear, fusing this many high

potency ingredients is very difficult.

And at least to my knowledge, it has never been done

with these particular ingredients before.

Nevertheless, we stepped into the challenge and

after several months of trial

and error, so literally promise setbacks, right?

Something extraordinary happened.

Not only were we able to successfully combine all five

nutrients without altering their potency,

but our process proved to be so precise.

It essentially fused 'em into an entirely new

and more com more powerful complex.

Because in test after tests,

it's youth restoration properties vastly exceeded any

supplement blend we'd seen before.

In fact, we didn't even know what to call it at first.

So we gave it the name Beverly Hills MD Dermal Repair

Complex, because it quite literally worked

to repair the appearance of aging skin with every dose.

Um, and then kind of goes into like this close here, right?

But if you look at, it's funny, right?

Beverly Hills, golden Hippo, some of the best, you know,

copywriters and, and you know, most out

and VSL on the planet, and it's like literally

they follow pretty much every step of like this outline.

Um, right?

They look for out outta the box solution, but it's flawed.

They contain contaminants. So they don't have

the real ingredients in there.

Him and his partner have to do it themselves.

Uh, you know, they start testing on and working on it.

They add in vitamins A and B, there's problems and setbacks,

but eventually there's this breakthrough, um,

proof that it works here.

I think there might be visual proof in the VSL, um,

they don't have the others are asking for it, but

besides that, the product is born, right?

So now let's look at the same thing with, uh, neuro,

which is another one we've been, you know, going

through over the fa past several weeks.

So I'll pull that one out,

Bring that one over here.

I notated. Uh, anyway, this is a short one.

This is like a 15 minute VSO.

So he is found like, you know, the real reason for edema,

he found this part of the u uh, um, MS is, uh,

this thing called, uh, um,

EMS or something like that, I think it's called,

or NMES, right?

He just sort of talk about the

flaws a little bit before this part.

That's good, right? So it got me thinking,

what if I could take the same groundbreaking technology

that top doctors use to temporarily reduce the excessive

swelling and put it into a simpler,

much more affordable device that can be used

by everyday people at home.

This was a herculean task.

I knew I couldn't do it alone, alone.

After all, I'm just a doctor. I need

some engineers to build the device.

So I partnered up with a US biotech company called Neuro.

Sorry guys, one second. My

period just went down the wrong pipe.

Say a second

most bougie problem ever.

Okay? Uh, like neuro, these guys are known for making some

of the best pain relief devices, have helped more than

300,000 men and women across America.

If my idea to make this technology available

to everyone was even remotely possible, I knew

that these guys were the ones to do it.

So I went ahead and got to work.

We meticulously analyzed the customer and market data

and confirmed there's a wide gap between the needs

of the patients of edema and currently available solutions.

We've taken this specific information

and built we, we taken that specific information

and built the first three prototypes.

We shared the prototypes with small cohorts

of neuros existing customers

to see which prototype worked the best, if any.

We all worked, but not as well as I wanted them to.

So we went ahead and created three more.

Those are much better, but they turned

out incredibly expensive.

We kept repeating the same process, months passed by,

and we had nothing to show for our work.

The process was much more

expensive than we initially thought.

It was a manufacturing nightmare. I'm not gonna lie.

There were times when I thought maybe the current technology

was not yet ready for this type of device,

but then there was this little voice in my head

that just didn't allow me to stop.

I knew that if we pull this off,

it would help thousands of people.

So we kept trying, working around the clock, and

after another three months of 12

to 14 hour work days, we did it.

We created compact easy use and most importantly

and affordable device that leverages the same.

And, uh, MES, I think I should say the NMES technology,

uh, technology.

Finally, I felt confident that we had built the best ally

for badly edema and ally that doesn't judge

or complain once available 24 7 at home at work

or when you're out and about giving you the confidence

that the next time a some flare up

of edema tries to hijack your day.

You know, it can be shut down within minutes.

Just seeing my brainchild, the neuro

and E-S-N-M-E-S foot massager.

So if you go back to this sort of section here, okay, like

he kind of did dismiss it right

before this section sort of out of the box stuff.

But he is sort of like, all right, well like if this is

flawed, what can I do?

Right? Um, the reason I, they do kind

of blend it with the UMS.

So that's why I didn't really like you see here, right?

Here's the problem with these devices.

I guess I could have, I could've notated

that it starts here and we'll update the comment.

Um, in fact, you know what? I'm gonna do that.

'cause really I think that could have been, sorry,

Let's put it here.

I think sort common.

So if I read just that one section

before it got onto to here, right?

The problem both these devices are not user friendly.

They include wires and lock user manual, uh, making a step,

a nightmare, uh,

human skin support conductor of electricity.

The pad must be made for material,

conducts electricity efficiently enough

to compensate for limitation.

So if you wanna experience the benefits of this technology,

you normally have to go to a rehabilitation center

that's not always optimal.

You have to pick one that offers it

and you have to go through the process to book a session.

Then you have to get yourself there driving

to get yourself there, driving there and back.

So I got me thinking. So I guess really I could have put it

there from the get go,

but if they do that outta the box solution doesn't work.

It's flawed or does not work, but it's flawed, right?

He looks around box solution is

flawed, he's like, what do I do it myself?

There's a ton of this testing and

setbacks, but eventually success.

Um, similarly here, there's not a ton of proof

that might be a Facebook thing

and with testimonials before and after, I don't know.

Uh, but product is born.

So if you look at at least these parts

and then this part are just super

common right in this structure.

And I think it's worth noting that on this specific,

we like this vs.

L there's only 3007 85 words. Write the whole thing.

Um, and they're running this a ton on Facebook

and they're doing different little leads

like we've talked about in front of it.

So it's worth noting that even though they're very e

economical with their words here, um, you know,

they're still actually spending a pretty worthwhile amount

of time here to like, uh, do this sort of review.

Like how many word count, how should 5 55 words, right?

That's, if you think about it, like that's basically what a,

like one sixth of the uh, entire letter is.

Like that part that's pretty significant.

But that's, 'cause I do think that's a really,

uh, big and important part.

Okay, so this last one, I didn't have time to, I was kind

of going through it before the call, but, um,

lemme make sure I sorry, one second.

Was it here I had it or?

Oh yeah, no, it'll be back in, uh, here.

This one's saying that Luke

and I had written for, um, for Rachel,

another Amazon type of thing.

We did it in a podcast format, but let's just see.

I was kind of going through, it's a long ass script.

I know what the word count is.

Uh, it feels longer than that.

Um,

but uh, just do you

have anything to help shortcut the process?

Of course, right? Pretty much all my best students,

they all had help me where they were.

That's 'cause once they showed the system, I noticed

that people really wanted

something that was more step by step.

So I basically put everything I know down to a video series.

It's basically a paint by numbers business.

You just follow the process and walk you through each step.

Um, a hours later you have a full Amazon business.

Um, it takes time and effort to get your store cranking,

but starts with this first step

and she's like, all right, cool.

Did you, you know, listeners

can get access to this 'cause it's podcast.

Yep. Um, that's the first part.

I realize that a lot of people want community, right?

Um, and so essentially like the, the, the way this one is,

um, and it goes into selling kind of faster.

So I don't know, this one's not a perfect example.

Uh, but even here it's sort of like she,

she put it into like a system, right?

And then it's sort of like, then I realized that, you know,

people want this so I put everything down.

Uh, but then I was like, wait,

they actually want this as well.

And so it's kind of like the idea of like the same idea.

I think frankly this could have been written

to have even more like a little bit more of

that buildup in it, um, more explicitly in this section.

Uh, 'cause it sort of gets like range into like

the product side here.

Um, it goes in a book, a call from here,

but I can find more examples.

But really, I don't think this is a really complex part.

I think really it's just like having it

as valuable and worthwhile.

And I do see people trying to skip this section a lot

and I think that adding this section in,

whether it's physical

or info on a front end kind of VSL can

is definitely a worthwhile test at the very least.

And we'll often, like I said, uh, increase your conversions.

So I'll pause there. I don't wanna like over fire hose.

We're gonna do closes next week

'cause I want to go long on closes.

I don't think this call two hours long.

Do you guys have questions on

what I just shared you guys or gals?

Um, is this really, is it really straightforward?

Is there anything that, uh, you know,

anyone have any, any questions?

I don't wanna, I'm here to answer them.

Um, I noticed, uh,

like there seem, it doesn't, it seems like it doesn't have

to be an exact following of this, of this format.

Like it could be, it could deviate slightly as long

as it kind of ha it contains the mood

of the, of the section.

You know what I mean? It's not like Yes. Not like, yeah.

Yeah. That's, uh, I think it's a, a good kind

of question or observation.

Um, because it's, yeah, not every,

it's not like if you don't have every single element on the

outline, then uh, you know,

it like won't convert necessarily.

But it's like having sort of

the general section, like having those sections is,

is worthwhile and valuable.

And I would say if anything like, you know,

subtraction sort of makes sense.

What I don't encourage necessarily is like a lot

of like addition in those sections.

Um, 'cause like what I've kind of talked about

before is where if feel like, uh, you know, VSL should kind

of follow like these beats in these sections

and go like this way, right?

It's like directionally downward

and where things I think go off the rails a lot of times

with VSL is when it's like gets to this section,

let's say like the product bill reveal,

but then it, it goes like, um,

in fact like here's five myths about this thing.

And then suddenly it's like a whole section about five myths

about edema, right?

And like, you're like that that's not the time for that.

You sort of like, now we're over here

and now you're gonna try and bring them back

to the product buildup, right?

And it sort of like, doesn't make sense.

So it's like what I would call like a zigzag sales letter

structure is really problematic

because again, you want to feel very like kind of congruent

and continuous versus like a very discontinued thing.

So, um, yeah, the big idea there would be

omitting or, you know, omitting is fine,

but you don't wanna necessarily add a bunch of stuff

to like a section because typically,

and also typically that happens

'cause you have interesting s**t that

you're like, man, I really wanna share this.

But you end up trying to fit too much stuff into the VSL.

And again, it's sort of, doesn't matter

how interesting it is if somebody's been with you for like,

you know, depending on the format, like 30 minutes

or an hour or whatever, it's like they're kind of like

their, their brain's tapped out, right?

And now you're giving 'em too many ideas

and it's like you sort of don't

wanna have too many ideas either.

So, um, yeah.

Makes sense. Okay, thanks.

Yeah, of course. And photos that kind of, um, that kind

of answers the question that you just asked as well,

you put in the chat, you know,

where do you see people messing up those parts of the VSL?

Um, so like I said, you know, yeah, it's sort of, oh no,

it's what's what I literally just said right now, kind of,

it's like the zigzagging, it's really like the, I mean,

it's going out of the order as well

and it's also, you know, adding, like adding, yeah.

Trying to add too much in or like, for example, um,

I looked at one of our members, uh, had a VSL for like a,

um, like an info product, uh, around like sort

of boosting your testosterone and, and your manliness.

I looked at this morning and they had like a punch

in the gut section, right?

And um, in that section it was like, uh,

like 1600 words long.

And so I went and looked at like other sort of VSLs

that have like a punch in the gut type

of section that I knew were successful.

And it was like, I shared one that I had written

that was like, I think 750 words.

And then I looked at, uh,

two from the Lion's Publishing guy.

So I didn't write or anything, but, um,

like Denti and, and pros toine.

'cause they were two really big offers for them.

I looked at their, their pig sections

and bo both of them are almost exactly 550 words, right?

And so it kinda goes back to, I think there's like a, a,

a power of succinctness.

Like not, and not writing like,

um, not writing like a novel.

Like in the case of the one I looked at today, it was kind

of like, um, you know, the guy, you know, was with his

wife and sir honeymoon or anniversary

and uh, you know, he sort of can't perform

'cause it's testosterone, but that's a big pain point for,

you know, in the testosterone space.

But it was kind of ran like, you know,

Kate looked at me like I could see the sadness in her eyes

as the sunlight filter through like the, you know,

half open blinds, like, damn, another morning, you know,

she slipped on coffee and I could see this theme coming up,

but it's like, like a few details is cool,

but it's like, we're not writing like a novel or an essay.

Like we're recounting like a story.

It's like somebody speaking and recounting a story

that happened, right?

And so just like in general, like being

precise with the language,

like you don't wanna write short stuff,

just write short stuff, but like, you know, not, again,

you need to, to move basically moving the,

the narrative along for each section is so important

and not getting in the weeds.

Like no one section should generally be like,

but the longest section of your VSL

by far should be your close,

your close if you're talking about like a full length VSL.

But even on like many VSLs, typically the same thing,

like the close is probably

about 25% of your VSL let's say.

I mean like, let's play with this for a second.

I'm gonna go back and share my screen.

Uh, 'cause maybe it's worthwhile.

I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do this like mental math,

but like, I think this will make sense, right?

So like, you know, your lead is probably like three

to 5% maybe of the VSLI might,

I might revise these numbers, okay.

Background story is maybe

10% and that's encompassing like, you know, I'm so

and so I was dealing with these pain points and problems.

Maybe you've dealt with them as well, right?

Um, so it actually leads more like 10%, let's say,

let's say five to 10%.

Okay? Background story, I'm trying

to make sure this is all gonna add up to like a hundred,

but we'll see, um, the, you know, kind

of UMP, let's, let's go section by section.

So the UMP is probably, um,

15%, let's say the UMS, this is gonna vary,

but let's say we're talking about, especially with a, um,

where you're talking about ingredients or something,

or it's a supplement or even the neuro thing.

It was sort of explaining, uh,

the nm s stuff is probably another

15%, let's say, uh, product buildup

and reveal maybe like 10%.

And so that would actually probably like the close too.

But let's say we did the outer range of this.

So 10 25, uh,

40, 55, 65,

close at let's say 35% on the outer range.

That's not, again, this isn't perfect,

but that's probably decent, you know, like ratios here.

Um, you know, again, this is like,

it might be more like the background stories, 10%

and the, um, MPS 20%,

but 20% it seems like a lot,

if we're talking about, it depends on my words.

So I'm talking about like a 8,000 word VSL,

let's say 20%, 1600 words.

That's probably okay. It's probably around 20%.

Um, MS again,

really gonna vary on if we're talking about ingredients

or stuff like that and studies and research if it's faster.

So this can range a lot, but the point is like no one

section really should be like, insanely dominant.

And also, again, the close is typically gonna be the longest

section, um, for a couple of reasons, right?

One important distinction about the close of A VSL is it,

like, we're talking about this next week,

but really like once you reveal the product, you sell it,

and then you have like the call to action, right?

The first call to action.

My philosophy is that at that point,

it doesn't really matter how long you keep going afterwards.

And by that I don't mean that you should stop by that,

I mean now, like you've, you're naked, right?

You've, you've, you are like, here I am,

like take, take me or leave me.

But if they're like sitting there kinda like, well,

I don't know, it's like, might as well keep going.

Be like, well, I'm pretty great, you know,

I'm like, look, I got a six pack.

I, uh, you know, uh, s**t, I, um, look,

I'm very flexible, right?

I'm, I'm making a, uh, bedroom analogy here.

But the point is like, you know,

like you've already revealed, you've already been like, Hey,

this is the product, here's the price, buy it.

So after that, like, they're either gonna buy it

or if they don't buy it,

but they're still sitting there, you should just keep taking

chances to like try to sell them, right?

And so, like, there's no reason to really rush.

Like the point is not, you don't want somebody

to finish your VSL, right?

You don't actually want somebody, this is actually a cool

point, I think people talk about this very

often, but it's true, right?

The goal is not to get somebody to finish your l um, right?

Your PO the goal is to get them to, to click the button

as soon as you tell 'em to click the button.

And so if that's true, which it is, then

after you totally click the button, just keep trying.

They're still there. Keep trying to get 'em

to click the button as much as you can.

So that's where, you know, the close could even be long,

longer or why like the close is so long.

Why it doesn't, because again, you move them along all

to this point to get to this like, you know,

coveted call to action.

If you really think about like objectively, like, like

what a VSL is doing, it's like, you know,

advertising the VSL, get them hooked in, build rapport,

and we've talked about the outline for

what these things are.

Um, build a, allow rapport, be like,

I understand your pain point,

you know, I understand your pain.

Um, I've experienced it like we're the same.

Or somebody like, you know, was the same.

Then it's like, okay, like, well,

here's the real reason why you're suffering

and here's what to do about it.

Which is like, you know, if I understand your pain point

and I understand why you really have the pain point,

because I used to have it too, I understand how to solve it.

Um, you know, that's all very interesting to the person.

Then it's like this part becomes like, okay, well

the consumer, the, the customer's mind,

the conversation is like, great, well,

can I just go Google this or Amazon or go whatever.

It's like, no, here's why, right?

I had to like toil and, and struggle.

This is not something you can just go buy somewhere else.

Um, and then it's like the product.

And then once you're in the product, you know, yes,

you wanna kind of like, now, now they're like, if,

if you've done a good job, you,

you would think everyone knows they're being sold throughout

a whole VSL, but they don't always,

so I've introduced this product.

So now you do want to kind of ease them

into the fact that you're about to sell them.

Um, but then really ultimately everything we're doing,

if they're like downward arrows, is eventually just trying

to bring them to this moment, right?

This call to action. And again,

after that it's like, Hey, that didn't work.

Let me, let me take another angle.

Let me take another, oh, there's a guarantee.

Oh, there's bonuses. Oh, how is your life gonna look?

And, you know, three months from now if you do

or don't take action, right?

Uh, call to action, um, hey, you're still here, FAQs,

hey, you don't believe it.

Social proof, right?

You're just sort of like hammering in s**t,

which we'll talk about with closes in depth.

Um, but I think it's a, a kind of,

so the big takeaways there again,

one is like you're really driving

everything to that first call to action.

And then you don't actually want the street,

you don't actually want somebody to finish your BSL,

which is a paradigm shift for some people, I think.

And then, you know, um, three is given

that it doesn't really matter how long the close is, so

I dunno if that's a worthwhile tangent or not,

but I thought that was, uh, interesting.

Um, lemme, may I ask, uh,

answer Craig's question first

and then, uh, Leon Leonis is next.

Uh, Craig said, which part of the product buildup and reveal

and the outline would you find to be most important, if any?

Um, I think, you know, generally, Craig, the out

of the box solutions don't work.

Especially, I mean, especially if

that seems like not obvious.

So, you know, I'll use first

and foremost like a supplement thing, right?

It's like, okay, like, you know, there's these ingredients

and the, what's, what's the consumer ask?

Oh, I, I'll go on Amazon and order a couple of these.

Wow, you showed me studies that

each of these ingredients is so great.

So like, why don't I just go buy like three

of them on Amazon or walmart.com

or next time I go to GNC or whatever it is.

Like, it's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, you can't do that, right?

Um, similar thing for, you know, if we talk about like,

you know, guns, you're selling a gun.

It's like, this is like a, you know, an AR 15, so it's like,

oh cool, well I'll go to my, you know,

gun shop and get an AR 15.

It's like, whoa, no, no. 'cause most ar fifteens aren't

tested, um, for accuracy

and all these special things, which means you could buy,

you know, in the most crucial moment of your life,

this gun could misfire

or the accuracy, you know, it could be calibrated poorly

and good luck trying to get like a refund

on your, you know, the gun.

Like, it's like, you know,

there's actually a better way to do this, right?

Um, info product as well.

Like, now look, dude, there's a ton of coaching.

There's people putting content on Instagram,

there's people putting things on TikTok and YouTube.

Like you can watch videos until you're blue in the face.

The problem is most people don't know that, you know,

either don't give you this whole system

or they only give you parts of it,

or they've never actually really done it at a high scale.

And so they don't realize all of the complexities

that come along with that.

Um, and so I think that's like for the product open reveal,

the, you know, the most important part probably.

And then I do think after that, sort of like when it comes

to doing it yourself or find a solution, there's like this,

the struggle and toil just seems

to really, uh, land with people.

So I'd say those are the two parts that are

generally the most important.

Um, and then the United said, uh,

at which point does the prospect,

or should the prospect be rated by seeing the whole VSL?

Um, yeah, we'll get through that.

I mean, if we're talking about mentally

we'll talk about the close next week.

I mean, it should be like when

you get to that first call to action.

So you've kind of given everything, you build up the value,

all these things, and you're like, okay, like now,

you know, click the button and buy.

So we'll go through that next week in, in the close.

But yeah, generally, you know, by the time you get

to the first call to action is when, so like, um,

yeah, if we go back to the outline, we'll go more in depth,

but, uh, we look at the close to, uh, tomorrow,

but basically first call to action here,

which I gotta, I'm not sure why these are,

they should be labeled as eight and nine.

I'm not sure why it is, but I mean, honestly,

you could almost assume with subsections it's fine.

Right? And really frankly, there's like a fourth call

to action after the FAQs, which I'm gonna put down here too.

Um, so again, we'll go through

that, uh, next, next week.

But basically, I mean, in theory,

like I guess if you're really thinking about it, like

they should feel like pretty ready to buy here,

and then this whole core part is making them go say they're

like 75% ready here,

50 to 75% ready here.

This is basically making them, the whole goal of this is

to make them like a hundred percent ready, right?

So that by the time you get to here, they just buy.

Um, that's probably the way I look at it.

Sorry, Stephan, you are not sharing your screen. Oh s**t.

Sorry. Thanks for letting me do that. My bad. Sorry.

So what I was saying is basically, um,

by the time they're here at the practice born,

they should be like, you know, 50 to 75% ready.

And then basically this part here,

which we'll go over this in detail next week,

but, um, you know, details, you're dismissing al Trues,

you're building value, social

proof, how do you use a product?

You know, all this stuff like this is sort

of like taking them from let's say

75% to, you know, a hundred percent.

So by the time they get to the first call to action, um,

you know, they're, they're like, you know, fully rated by.

And then of course, you know, second call to action,

third call to action, FAQs, fourth call to action.

I'm not sure why it says C here,

but, um, I'll reformat this.

But yeah, thanks for letting me know.

Sorry about that for not sharing my screen here.

Um, I go Stephan's other question too real quick here,

kinda unrelated, but can you comment,

comment on the impact a lead has on conversion rates,

good clicks, um, or running A VSL

and it's getting good clicks but not converting well,

I was thinking a lead is just there to fascinat

and bring in people to keep watching,

but I guess it's important to get the prospect

ready and qualify them.

It seems to make a big difference on if they buy or not.

Yeah, I mean the lead is generally the biggest part.

I mean, the way I, I've, um, I've kind of explained this

and I don't wanna say this in the bow.

I'm happy to explain it again, but I'll, I'll kind

of explain it conceptually.

Gimme a second. I, I know, I'm not

sure my screen, I will in a moment here.

Um, 'cause I wanna sort of draw,

I'm opening up a little drawing thing so I can

show you guys, uh,

July 9th, 2024.

You know, it's sort of like a, if,

if you look like a funnel in general

by this tool draw, I is actually pretty cool.

Um, but so

how to show you this kind of, by easiest way,

it's just gonna be not not the real best, uh, you know,

artwork, but let's make these lines a lot bigger.

Okay? Right. So really, um,

oh, I mean, to save 'em, to copy C, control V, okay.

You know, let's say like, this is like the,

the user journey, um, so to speak.

And I'm, I'm gonna manipulate this in a way you'll see here.

So, um,

Okay.

Right. And we can kind of do lead background story,

you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?

So if a good lead that captures people, I mean,

there's headline above this too, right?

We're gonna, are gonna do a section on headlines,

but if a good lead, you know, that keeps people sticking

around, it basically means more

people are coming through here.

And essentially, if you look at data,

and this is over years of, of, of observation

and looking at, you know, lytics

or other sort of, uh, wia, whatever, um,

like once people go through the lead

and get through like the first couple of minutes,

like there's a power law effect, right?

So like the first five seconds it'll go 30 seconds,

30 seconds, they'll go like usually, you know, two minutes.

Two minutes. They'll go like four to six minutes.

Four to six minutes, they'll go 12 to 15 minutes.

12 to 15 minutes, they'll go like 30 minutes, right?

So the longer you kinda keep them going, there's almost like

that, uh, sunk cost

back here.

They tend to actually like stick around, right?

But the lead is so important

because this is where most eyeballs are, right?

So, um, you go down, a lot of people come down

to tweak this stuff down here and it's like not bad,

but the, the difference is, right, if um,

if the lead's like crappier,

if it's not a good lead, right?

And so basically you're say this is like your first call

to action or your, or your end

of the vsl, whatever it is, right?

Like call, you can call your call to action.

In fact, let's just do that. Um,

so it's like, right, if the lead is losing a lot of people,

this whole thing is narrower,

which means fewer people are making the call to action

and fewer people are buying, right?

But if the lead is, you know, significantly

better, right?

There's way more people are gonna make it down

here and more people are gonna buy.

And so, you know, conversely it's like if your lead's

crappy or sorry if your lead's, yeah, if your lead's crappy,

um, then like, it doesn't matter.

Sorry, this is being weird.

Like it doesn't matter what you do down here, right?

Or what you do down here. Like yeah, it, it matters,

but you're still the pool of people that you're,

that you can, you know, increase conversions with that.

The amount of people you can, you can, you know, get to buy

when you're doing stuff down here,

you still have a way smaller pool of people

for these optimizations versus up here

the lead really hits, right?

Then it's like, you know, a home run lead.

And then once that's home run, then

that's why I would always start off the lead

versus start stuff down here.

Because again, you just have the most people

and the power law thing I just mentioned

where more people are coming this way.

Um, so yeah, I don't know.

That's, that's why general leads, I mean

and I, you know, like Dario talked about it, right?

With their uh, their device that sort of unclogs pores

that he said they went through 150 different micro leads

kind of mini leads before they found one that enabled them

to scale a couple million dollars a month.

So I'm not saying you always have to do a hundred,

I mean it's a lot, but it's um,

like typically testing like five leads

or even 10 leads might not be enough, right?

Uh, so I think that's a super important part.

Task us a good question here. Um, yeah.

Cool. So, um, task us the lead qualifies when people

as possible or disqualifies some, for example, non buyers.

I mean, I think it just depends,

like if you're doing like a physical product,

the vast majority of people are probably buyers, right?

Like, I mean if we're talking about like for example,

you're doing like a hair loss for black women, right?

I think, you know, talking about like, hey this is for like,

you know, my fellow sisters or whatever.

Like, that's cool. That kinda makes sense.

Like, you know, I don't think you have to try

and like be like, this is for everybody

'cause your entire marketing thing is that it's not

for everybody, but I think

the lead will inherently qualify people.

Um, and by that I mean like if you've been losing hair,

you've seen like patchy, you know, patches in your scalp

or your, you know, balding

or whatever it is, it is like you're gonna

kind of qualify them anyway.

So I think all of that's, that's fine.

I don't think you have to go out of the way to be like,

you know, this isn't for you if you only have some patchy

patchy scalp or some baldy, you know what I mean?

Like I, I think like you sort of do it with like the sort

of like calling out the pain point of the problem that kind

of naturally qualifies them anyway.

Um, you know,

it depends if it was a really high ticket thing, right?

If I was selling like a $30,000 if I was trying

to sell copy starter pro membership as a VSL, you know,

I mean I might like a little bit depending if I was gonna

book a call and I was getting too many

people booking who are retire.

But frankly, again, even then you can do, you could,

you could do that later on as well.

Like you don't have to do it in the lead necessarily.

To me the lead is primarily like, you know, get attention

and and bring them in, right?

Um, so Stephan said, so people might be clicking

but the lead isn't that great

and they aren't watching enough and getting sold properly.

Yeah, exactly. I mean it depends on what the, you know,

like ad click through rates are and things like that.

But if they're not kind of sticking, you know, long enough

and of course it depends if you look at like a, you know,

like a heat map or whatever

and try if there's like a squiggly line option

or like a draw option, I dunno if there is or not.

So I'm trying to see if there's like one

where I can, it's a connector.

Is that gonna work? I don't know. Gimme a second.

Lemme see if this, this might be,

because like generally

that's gonna be, this isn't gonna work.

What I'm trying to like kind

of connotate is like essentially, you know, if you look at,

if you have this data and you look

and like the drop off is really steep

right away and it sort of levels off.

It wouldn't be like this level, this is why this,

this thing I just pulled isn't like a good uh, tool,

but I don't know which tools to want to use.

But like basically, um, do like this a little bit? Nope.

Okay. That one's way linear essentially.

It's kinda like a draw option here or something.

But basically like, you know, watch my mouse, right?

So it should kind of go like kind of like gradually

down like this, right?

But if you see it where it's sort

of like goes down like this, right?

And then kind of goes gradual, that's a big sign.

If it sort of, you know,

where the lead might not be a problem is if you sort

of have like a gradual down

and then you look at, if you look at this data, right,

and then suddenly you see like a drop like this

and like one section in the middle of the VSL,

then you're like, oh s**t, okay,

for whatever reason this section's really not Landy, right?

And you do see that if you look at data, like I've seen that

before where it's like, you know, the stats are pretty good,

but then you get to some random section

and for some reason people

just really don't like that section.

Um, and in a case like that then you know you that

that's when you might work on that section versus the lead.

But in general, yeah,

that's why the lead is usually the biggest

thing and arm mean.

Yeah, that's a good point. Arm mean Armen did the math.

I just kinda make that really clear, right?

Um, and so if your hook rate is 60%, 600

of a thousand people, uh, you know, kind of like make it

through the lead as an example, you know,

you have a 60% chance of kind of, well, whatever,

60% versus if like the hook isn't good

and only 20, you know, 200 people make it,

then you have like a 20% population to work

with for the rest of the vsl.

So it's kind of like really clear math there.

Those, it's fun questions hopefully is, is helpful.

And again, maybe it's paradigm shifting or stuff, you know,

but you've, you thinking about differently?

I don't know. Um, but I,

to me this is like all like the stuff that yeah, a lot.

It's stuff that people don't always talk about,

but it's, it's I think, uh, just cool.

Yeah, I'm definitely down to do a series on CRO, um,

in the near future 'cause there's

so much cool s**t there for sure.

I would love to, I'm super down to do that.

Um, lemme admit Mark here.

Who else anyone else got, uh,

how do you notice lead fatigue?

That's a good question. Um,

I don't have a great answer for that,

I'll be honest with you.

I, I think, you know, ultimately

after it really would come down to like the scale right

of the VSL, I mean, how long has it been running for?

Are you seeing conversions?

Like if you had good data, like the VSL has been running for

six months or a year

and you know, it was always converting at whatever 2%

and nothing else has really changed.

Like it's not the ads, right?

Because so much of it's on the ad level, um,

and you're just like, nowadays it's converting at, you know,

1% or whatever it is.

Um, and it kinda happened gradually.

Um, you just notice it's a conversion rate going down.

Um, you know, that's not scientific,

but that's typically where I would kind of say lead fatigue.

But generally for actual BSL generally the lead takes a

while before it really fatigues.

Um, you know, Facebook, again,

if you're running in feed it's a little bit different.

Uh, where, but not really.

Like the core lead is still the same,

it's just like the hooks in front of it.

And I know, like, I remember Nick Daniel, right,

who's the CEO founder of V Shred, um,

and they're part of this mastermind.

It doesn't really come on the call as much.

Saba comes sometimes and she'll be at the event for the,

the mastermind, the business owner

mastermind end of August too.

But, um, she's like, they're like VP of marketing, but um,

but I remember Nick saying like he kinda laughs at people

when they think they're VSL is fatigued.

'cause he is like, it almost never has,

or even that offers fatigued in general.

He's like, his whole thing is, it's usually just like ads

or like little refreshes.

And I mean, if you look at like, like, so I, I mentioned it

before like Java burn, right?

From the ClickBank world that thing's been around for like

three or four years, but then they basically redid it,

new lead, all that kind of stuff.

And then it's been like number one on

ClickBank for the last couple months.

And you know, I'm probably not supposed to say

what they're doing, but they're doing

eight figures a month on it.

Right? Um, and I don't think the entire thing was rewritten.

I think it was primarily like the

lead and, and stuff like that.

So, um, it is true though, if a new lead, you can really,

you know, you can get a lot of life out, a lot of that.

That's why sometimes too, like I think of people like

business owners in our mastermind will ask me like, oh,

I'm doing half a million a month or a million a month.

Like, so should I go start like five new products or offers

or a couple new ones or whatever.

And it's typically like, the reason I'm typically like no,

or, or, or that you should be wary about that is

because, you know, usually you can get a lot more out

of, you know, that offer than,

than you think like a lot more scale, whether that's

'cause of different traffic sources or

different formats and things.

There's so much to be done there and it's already working.

Whereas getting another offer

or funnel to, you know, half a million,

a million a month is, you know, not necessarily as easy

and it, and it splits your focus and you do it again.

And like, and so many people kind of go into same thing

with like, should I write a new VSL?

And it's like sometimes you should if VSL is not converting,

but I would, I would do leads first for sure.

Um, but like people will sort of, like, there's a, I was,

I was with AJ Roberts, who's a really, uh,

he's like the co-founder of Kartra.

You know, he helped them grow to like,

they're at 30 million plus in MRR, um, or MRR,

but like, uh, a, a r um,

and annual re recurring revenue basically.

Um, and uh,

and you know, he's, he like,

he's an OG in the space, super smart.

But we were kinda laughing about that where again, not,

we weren't like in a condescending way,

but just people do tend to go like,

this VSL is working pretty good.

I've got all these other problems in my funnel.

Like, do you think I should write a new VSL?

And it's like, no. Right. It, it is, the VSL is usually

is not always the problem.

Um, a lot of times it's CRO stuff or the economics

or a traffic source or whatever it might be.

Right. Um, so I mean,

you said once in a while I forget which part was the

reference to, but I, you know, as far as a a, a lead

or a VSL like, uh, fatiguing, I mean, it, it just depends.

But you know, I think maybe like six months

to a year typically is what you look at.

I think it depends on how much scale,

but I think like at least for a lead, a good lead,

it should be good for like at least six months.

Right. And then you're saying the,

I have a couple questions, but you're saying like the full

VSL could last even like several years.

You just have to kind of massage the top of it,

like the front of it, like the lead and

Yeah.

Yeah, a hundred percent.

Um, and when you have like a, you know, we could use, um,

TASA as you mentioned is they're doing black

hair supplements and I think it's a good example

'cause like African American market in the United States is

30 million people, right?

Whereas like for skin offer, the TAM is

anybody who's over 30 basically.

Right? Um, so when you think about like,

fatigue for smaller markets,

like do you suggest like what's the, what's the, um,

like how much lift are you gonna get, for example,

opening up to like the UK or like into Canada

or like South America, for example, um,

versus like the pain in the ass

of like setting up three pls out there

and f following compliance measures out there

and like, you know, figuring out all the details of that.

Or at that point, would you be like, yeah,

just spin up a new offer and

and sell it to the states again?

Yeah, that's a great question.

Um, well I think like, so if I,

the first part of that'd be like for like

for black hair loss

and if the, the tam the toll dress market,

let's say it's 30 million and you know, let's say,

I don't know their numbers, I'm just,

I'm just simply making this up.

Let's say they're doing like, you know,

3000 sales a month, right?

It's like clearly they can, you know, they can do a lot more

before they sort of cap out that out, right?

They could probably do, you know, 15,

20,000 sales a month, right?

Um, for at least a decent period of time.

Um, so there's like a lot of room to

grow the business right at that point.

Um, as far as like, but, but,

but it's a good que it is a very worthwhile thing

because, you know, in theory,

uh, it would cap out more.

But then I also think about, for example,

like nail fungus, right?

Toenail fungus, you see a lot

of like sort of offers for that.

And I wrote one, you know, back in the day

for when I was more aggressive, like, you know, stuff, uh,

by 2017

and I mean we were basically doing not basically,

eh, like on that offer alone, 350,000

to $500,000 a day, um, you know, pretty consistently.

And uh, like the big thing

that the reason reason we stopped it for the time was, uh,

virtual processing issues related to CBD.

But then that same partner, uh, who I still talked to, um,

and we're basically we're as call center, so

as revenue essentially did like a hundred million plus per

year for the next like, I mean even now, I dunno this year

'cause I sold the call center, but basically between 70

and 120 million a year for the next like five years,

pretty much all off that nail fungus offer, right?

And you think, well, how many people in the US have

such awful toenail fungus that like, I don't know, the,

you know, I don't know the size of the market,

but it's clearly not 300 million, right?

It's like, uh, so I don't know the markets, I feel,

I feel like the market ends up being,

there's generally more buyers than we think, right?

Is I guess my point because I, I don't know, is it like,

do a hundred people, a million people,

you're telling me a third of people in the US have like such

awful ton of fungus that they're gonna buy like fungus B on?

I don't, I don't think so. It's gotta be like, you know,

is it 30 million that seems likely 50 million maybe it

probably is not much bigger than the black hair

loss market, right?

Um, so yeah.

Uh, but then that's for the part about kind

of going into other, so again, I think

that's like a limiting belief almost.

We have sometimes where we sort of think like, oh,

but like this market's not that big.

Again, it depends if you're doing like, um, I'm only selling

to like indigenous women of like the Colorado plains who,

you know, like, like then your market's not that big, right?

Um, but like a lot of times I think we, we kind

of feel like our, our, our

audiences are getting tapped out faster than they are, um,

for the three pl side of it and going to like England

and Canada and like, um, I mean there's a definitely,

you know, good sized markets.

Um, I, you know, south America obviously huge market too,

but I think that's a definitely a later on thing.

Things are really chugging and then you wanna expand.

Like I just would do at that point.

I wouldn't feel like an urgency to do it, I suppose. Right?

I think when we, I think we did Canada

and the uk, that was my first like big supplement company

and I, yeah, I don't know, we had like maybe like think 5%,

10% of our orders came there.

So it was good. It was like a boost, but it wasn't like,

but even that, that, that company, like if I had known

what I was doing, I would've made, you know,

five x more profit and, you know,

definitely would've been like a, you know,

I I mean it did 23 million a year,

which at the time was like, oh my God, right?

But like, uh, if I know what I was doing,

I definitely would've done like 50 or a

hundred million in a year.

But, uh, yeah. Yeah.

And it would've been 'cause of oversee, it would've been

'cause of like maximizing the a OV

and like sort

of other traffic channel understanding traffic.

Like there's so many things I could have done, you know,

differently and, and better and all that

Uhhuh Uhhuh.

Yeah. I appreciate that. Uh,

Another question that I have, uh, sorry. Um,

All Good. Yeah. Uh,

have you noticed if aggressive stuff

as you mentioned, tend to work less during this period?

Like during, like right now in general,

or what do you mean by this period? Yeah,

Yeah, yeah. Like,

uh, heavy pain, agitation, sticking the knife

and twisting it, those kinds of things.

Yeah, I think, um,

I don't know is my, my real answer

because I think that like if you look at the ClickBank

world, most of those people are really struggling, right?

Um, I don't know that they're struggling

because they're agitating the

pain point and things like that.

Um, it is possible that

the market is getting fatigued on really outrageous

claims, right?

Like lose 40 pounds in 30 days with like a miracle pill,

like type of thing, you know?

And so I think that from that level

of aggression on claims maybe a little bit, um,

I think it's also the presentation

and like the format, right?

Um, same reason I think that long form VSLs, uh,

specifically for like kind of aggressive b******t type

of offers, like, which I'm not saying b******t in mean way,

but just like sort of, you know, I, I I think just fatigue

and people aren't that, like

they're not responding to that as well.

Um, but I still would agitate the pain points

and like still promise solution, like all the classic stuff.

I wouldn't stop doing any of that. So I think it's about the

pain points, but, um,

but there might be some fatigue on the really aggressive

claims of like, you know,

miracle powder does x, Y, Z type of thing.

Yeah. Because what I've been noticing is that like

more humble stuff in terms of promising tends

to work better, but this is just me.

Yeah. I mean, I, well, I mean I think there's a lot,

you know, there's gonna to be said for authenticity

and I think people are, and again, go back

to the format of it, right?

And like, where are people consuming this information?

Like even on like meta, I mean the market's changed,

like going back to like in feed

and like video ads, they're sort of like educational.

Um, like maybe there's a little bit more education sometimes

like, or hooks or curiosity.

It is less about like the pig stories, right?

Pig stories kind of fatigued, like doing like a lead

where it's like, you know, John, wake up, John, oh my god,

John, you know, it's like that like typically

isn't doing as well.

Um, I don't know, I think people are going towards

authenticity and I think younger people,

baby boomers are still a huge market.

I think people sleeping on baby boomers is a, is a,

you know, terrible idea, right?

Because baby boomers still have the most

purchasing power in human history.

Um, so I certainly wouldn't neglect them,

but, um, yeah, maybe there's some fatigue on that.

I don't know. I don't know. That's a good question.

But it might also be their

attention spans is the other part.

I guess it's like, you know, I don't know, like everyone

of TikTok and you know, other sort of things like that.

Like, again, I think the amount of people

who wanna watch like a, a 50 minute long BSL has really, uh,

decreased overall.

Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, AMI, what's up?

Um, I was thinking about the call that we had with Jason

and um, also what, you know, uh,

there's Russ posting about like the hook

of the ad changing the ROAS by like from like 1.0

or 1.1 to like 1.8.

Yeah. Just changing the start of the ad.

Can you, you know,

I know we're talking about VSLs right now,

but can you talk a little bit about like, the importance of

like positioning the ads so that it's talking

to the right person how to do that,

and also like to add like, you know, agitating pain,

how much pain to agitate, uh, you know, tease the solution,

how much to tease the solution?

Because I talked to some media, a couple media biters

and they're like, you need to stick a photo

of the supplement as the imit add.

And um, you know, you need to talk about the more

of the benefits and the copy of the product,

but mostly the, I think these type of media buyer are

like coming from a, he like a heavily branded approach,

Right? You

know, they're like, you know, they,

I'm not an expert media buyer by any means,

but it seems to me like they have like dozens

and dozens of ad ads in like multiple different ad sets

trying to target different segments of the market.

And their landing pages are typically short.

But like in terms of getting traffic to VSL,

you've talked about this before, um,

on some feedback you gave.

Like all you're just trying

to do is get people curious about what's on the other side

of that, on the other side of that, uh, learn more button.

But I think there's gotta be like a sweet spot, you know,

and I'm kind of curious what that is.

Yeah, I mean, I think that like, uh, you know, trying

to do like a whole, you know, call on ads versus, like,

it's hard to answer that like super succinctly here,

but I think, um, I'm trying to think of how to say this.

I think it's just, it just depends.

I mean, I, I look at it's working on Facebook in general.

I think that, um, it also depends on the product, right?

Like for example, if we're talking about

like a device, right?

On e-comm, like sometimes like, like demonstration videos,

just showing the product working.

Like, so you're showing the product right away,

it's working, going, but again, that's really not

for like a vsl, like a VSL, it,

you know, go to Golden Hippo, right?

Uh, Gundry md, it's like they have some ads

that are like specifically if you

go look at the ads library, right?

That are specifically like showing, oh, limited time only,

you know, save 20%, whatever it is.

But then the vast majority of their ads are like,

is gluten good for you or bad for you?

Right? It's like Dr. Gundry talking and hooks

and like, it's a whole f*****g VSL before they go.

I mean, generally that's still the, the move, you know, for

ads that are going to like A-A-V-S-L, um,

because again, the VSL is gonna do so much of that education

and, and you know, kind of

reveal the product at the right time, so to speak.

And so yeah, in general, like it would not,

it doesn't make sense to like show, to give up the, the game

and the ad by showing like a product image, right?

You could test those, but, um, I'd probably focused on like,

you know, surprising, you know, like sort

of like the surprising reason,

like why most skincare products don't work

or like just hook curiosity hooks, right?

Things like that. But then go to like, um, you know,

a new solution or discovery

or breakthrough, whatever it is, click here.

I mean that's sort of like, I think you, you know, you kind

of know, I, I guess I'm not sure if I can if

that's answering the question or not,

but I mean to me it's like, yeah, again,

I wouldn't reveal the product very often in

ads that go to A VSL.

Yeah, I mean I think that my question was kind of loaded

and um, got off like off the back of talking about VSLs,

but when we do an ad call,

I think it will help to clear stuff up.

'cause really I'm like, you know, what I'm looking for is,

is um, and you know,

and it might be too, it might just be too specific also

to discuss right now, but like, you know, how,

what's the sru, what's the, like what's the structure

of the top performing ads out there

and how do we, you know, emulate those ads so that,

you know, I can, you know, I can convert

and get an a OV of $220 so I can actually break even

or be, have, be profitable in a highly competitive market.

Like that's the, that's the f*****g question. Yeah.

But you know, it's not a simple,

like you say, it's not a simple answer.

Yeah. And we can definitely do calls on that.

I'm actually working on it. I'm gonna do some more obviously

for my own stuff, but also for, uh, even for free ad copy,

I'm gonna be like analyzing structure more

on ads in the coming weeks.

So yeah, I'll, I'm happy to share what I find

and then we can also do a call on it for sure.

Yeah, totally. And like even saying in saying

that like my questions load, I'm like,

how do I get a $220 A OV?

Like I know it's not only about the ad, obviously, I

Mean it's, it's mostly not about the ad, you know,

it's like the only thing, the ad like again, if you

reveal like the product and you're like, go buy the product

and then you have like a VSL

that talks about the product right away

and they can buy it right away, your AOE is gonna be lower

than if you're like, you know, doing like a hook

and curiosity and, and get them over there

and they watch the VSL

and then they sort of like, you know, are

informed and educated, right?

And that's the same reason like an e-com page,

especially if there's no VSL say there's a Facebook ad

or like a little, you know, a little UGC video

or like demo video to an e-comm page

that sort dial in the conversion rate will almost always be

higher that like a Facebook ad to A VSL, right?

Al like 99% of the time, I mean if we're,

if we're doing apples to apples, like really good VSL

dial an eCom page, right?

Um, but the eCom page is gonna one basically a hundred

percent of the time, um,

because like, you know, oh wow, this product does this,

it's cool, here's a bunch of social proof and reviews.

Like page is good, like neat, right?

So the commercial rate might be double,

but the a OV will probably be like half, right?

And so that's just sort of like,

there are those trade offs you just sort of have

to figure out as you're going through it

because like, you know, do you want a four

or 5% conversion rate,

but your AOV is a hundred dollars

so you are limited in scaling

or you know, do you want a 2% conversion rate,

but your AOV is $220 and you're able to scale way more

and you know, potentially you're more profitable.

But same thing, e-com margins suck, right?

I know tons of friends, not, not always,

but like when you're pure e-comm, like, you know, I,

I like Little Silva had a huge e-comm mastermind and,

and just everyone I know who, who is sort

of like pure e-com, whether the business owner

or they, they run like kind of a ca pro

for pure e-comm type of thing.

Like they actually, they're like, everyone's p****d off.

Nobody has money. Even the guys

who are doing like eight figures,

'cause like the margins are so s****y, um, you know,

they sell for like crappy low multiples or no multiples.

Um, and so of course there's exceptions to that, right?

But in general, like e-comm, like

that pure e-comm thing was like,

you know, there's just trade offs to everything.

I dunno if that makes sense, but Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for

Entertaining that question.

Of course s us you had another, uh,

Lesson. Yeah. Uh,

I want to ask you, how,

how important do you believe it are the hooks

and the hook rate?

Because from my experience, I've noticed that let's say

for example, we have a hook that has a 50% hook rate

and the cost per three second views are like, uh, 7 cents

and you make another hook that has, let's say 70%

who rate, but the cost

per three second views doesn't drop, right?

And I've seen this with other brands

where they have like 35% who rate

and they have the same cost per three second views.

So what's your opinion? In my opinion?

Like they feel kind of rigged by Facebook, you know,

like yeah, even if you make a hook

that has a 100% hook rate,

basically the CPMs are going, are going to rise up,

Right? Yeah.

I mean I think there's validity to that.

I mean, I think Facebook is, they, you know,

they're not really optimized for you

to make the most money possible.

They're optimized for you to make like enough money

to keep coming back while they make

as much money as possible, right?

And so you're sort of fighting against them in a way,

which is kind of the f****d up reality I think, of things.

Um, but that being said,

depending on the economics of it,

I still would rather have, yeah.

So if it's the same cost,

I'd still rather have a 70% than a 30% hook rate, right?

Yeah, definitely. Um, but yeah, I think you're right.

I don't know, I agree with you.

That's kind of rigged, but

the problem is where you're gonna go, right?

I, you know, YouTube, native news break, TikTok,

I dunno, it's, it's tough,

but at the same time, Facebook's still good though.

I don't, I don't know, it's Facebook just, it sucks,

but it, at the end of the day, it's still probably the best

platform, especially for kind of being ROAS positive,

you know, in a short period of time.

Like, you know, you don't have to spend tons of money

to sort of figure it out versus other

platforms you typically do.

But yeah. Any other questions from anybody

before we, uh, wrap up here?

It's fun. I don't know. I enjoyed it.

Hopefully you guys enjoyed it. Like both, uh, you know,

the, the, the content part.

I'm happy to, you know, it's fun answering questions

and again, talking about some of the kind of

conceptual stuff like we talked about, like closes

and funnels

and I don't know, there's a lot of interesting stuff.

So, all right, cool.

No other questions then, uh, we'll continue next week

with closes and then we're gonna go to like,

we're gonna do headlines.

We'll go do deeper on like hooks

and uh, definitely we'll do ads soon.

I've got CRO stuff on my radar.

Um, probably gonna look at some even shorter structure,

like four to five minute videos.

Um, do some stuff around like maybe one that's like a peer,

like kind of high ticket, more info driven type of thing.

Uh, so we got a lot of things to,

to cover in the weeks ahead.

But, um, for now, thanks everybody.

Hope you all have a great week and be around in WhatsApp.

We'll talk to you all soon. So. Bye guys. Thanks Stefan.

Thank you. Bye.