Watch time, like how long people go through a video, like

how the lengths of videos, all these sorts

of things, I think are really valuable.

So always appreciate Patrick.

I've known him now for a long time,

almost like a decade now.

Yeah, honestly, which is pretty wild.

Like pre lytics. Yeah,

Pre lytics. Yeah. Yeah. And

then as always say, you ask me like I want

to invest in it, and then I said, you know,

I don't have the bandwidth right now.

Yeah. And then, uh, kind of regretted that, but it's okay.

Um, but it's been awesome to see what you've,

what you've done with it, you know?

Um, good to see. And so, uh, yeah,

but further ado, please welcome Patrick Styles.

Thanks, Stephan. Um, so yeah, like he was saying, uh,

I spoke, uh, about six months ago at the first, or,

or last mastermind.

And, um, you know, Stephan was like,

Hey, does anybody want to talk?

And I was like, I always want to talk

because I can't shut the f**k up.

Uh, and he was like, well, do you have anything new?

And I was like, yeah, we definitely have some things new.

Uh, and he was like, and I showed it

and he was like, cool, let's do it.

But then since then I was like, no,

I really gotta, like, bring the heat.

And, uh, we have basically kind of revamped this report.

So if you heard me talk

before, hopefully this is still gonna be, you know,

enlightening and some new stuff that's interesting.

And I've also kind of re-packaged this data instead

of just being like, here's a bunch of numbers of, uh,

really kind of turning it into more of a playbook

where it's like, we have benchmark data, you know,

across all these different VSLs.

And the idea is like, where are you?

And then like, what are your numbers

and then what to do next sequentially, you know, basically,

you know, going from the easy wins, like the stuff

that's just like clicking a button

or like exporting a video in a different format to, uh,

the stuff that's gonna be a heavier lift.

So, and basically, uh, I would bet anybody

that the stuff I'm about

to show you would increase your conversion rates,

I'd bet you a thousand bucks easy.

Uh, so I'll talk more about that later.

And why am I so confident? Been making VSL since 2010?

I didn't even know what a VSL was.

I just wanted a, a video on my landing page.

I didn't realize it, but, uh, that was probably one

of the first VSLs in the world.

Uh, it's funny, a lot of people in the game today,

they've been in this, you know, like 2, 3, 5

years, and that's fantastic.

I mean, it's really cool to see, uh, people crushing it.

Um, but, you know, it's, it's been a while for me.

So founded a bit of lytics, uh, with my ex-wife.

Um, obviously she's this one, uh,

this is in Austin last year.

This is us, uh, in Poland last year. She lives in Poland.

Um, god knows why, but, uh, that's her decision.

So she just got engaged.

Um, I don't know if, uh, even Emily

or Jackson know that, uh, some of my teammates here,

but, um, yeah, she's like, what?

Yeah, she just got engaged to a Polish guy

who is also crazy.

And, uh, and he's named, uh, Piort like Peter.

And, uh, so we call him P two.

So anyways, these are some of the people that we work with.

Uh, primal Health is in the room.

Uh, I know, uh, several other people in the room,

uh, use Lytics.

Uh, but the data that we're sharing with you is, you know,

it's based on our entire platform as much as we're able

to clean it and like kind

of extract like the signal from the noise.

Uh, but you know, it's based

on, you know, these people's data.

Uh, and as you've seen, you know, basically this is, uh, we,

we estimate that the videos on Lytics have driven about

$3 billion in sales.

All right, cool. Uh, something else, uh, this,

this is a little bit of an aside,

but normally when people come over

to Lytics, they split test us.

And we've learned

that like we wanna like insert ourselves in that process

because when we're involved, uh,

like when it's a fair fight, we win.

So we bring in our engineers

and we do a bunch of like, kind of audit just

to make sure the data's gonna be clean.

Uh, but I personally audited over a hundred split tests,

and every single time we've found a problem.

So if you want to talk about split testing

or anything like that, I don't have split testing software

or anything to sell in that space.

Uh, that's just like a free thing that we do

to just like win win, uh, you know, um, users.

But that's something that we can talk about.

So anyways, let's dive into some data.

Uh, so first names are your conversion rates

below average, or where are they at?

So on all videos across Lytics where we're able

to detect the, uh, conversion tracking, uh,

or they have lytics conversion tracking set up, uh,

the average conversion rate is 1.78.

Uh, this is actually a little bit higher.

Uh, we have some more data on this book.

A call has stayed kind of flat around 8%.

And this, these are the trends.

So in 2023, it was 1.2, all time is 1.56.

The last six months is 1.78.

So the number we're just sharing,

and this is kind of a more robust sample size

because basically 2025 is basically,

we're two months into the year for, for all intents

and purposes, but 2025 so far is 1.5.

So this is kind of bouncing, bouncing around a little bit.

It does seem like the trend is going up.

Something that I was thinking about with this is

that it's the first quarter, right?

And the majority of our users are health advertisers.

They have some sort of health product, uh,

and we see it on December 26th.

Every single year, the the volume just starts ramping up.

And of course, during the holiday season,

people are getting fat and they're not buying, you know,

health products, whether it's weight loss or not.

Uh, so that might be kind of the reason why this is lower.

But you know, overall I do kind

of see like conversion rates going higher,

which I found to be interesting.

Uh, and some of this stuff, like even things

that I was sharing like six months ago, like,

we actually were like, oh yeah,

we think VSLs are getting shorter.

And we like went and looked at the

data and we're like, oh, no.

So like that's actually not the case.

So that's kind of some of

the stuff that I'm gonna be sharing.

So engagement rates by by niche.

I'm not gonna read all these. Um,

but I am curious, like here, who here is running a VSL?

Okay, so maybe like two thirds or so of the room. Gotcha.

And I don't know why, but golf is really low.

Um, we like went back and verified this number.

It went up by like two, one hundredths

of a percent, uh, biz op.

These are probably a lot of, uh, book of call people

who here is running a book of call funnel.

Okay. So like maybe six people. Um, gotcha.

That's pretty good. I was at the financial marketing summit

and I asked that question, it was like one person,

and I was like, all right, we're gonna skip over that stuff.

Highest converting traffic sources.

This is the data that we have.

So META'S 1.87 YouTube's

below a percent Google paid is, you know, whatever.

Uh, the interesting thing here is Google Organic is 8%.

What I think is really interesting is

how is Google organic click, even making it to A VSL.

So, you know, but that's, that's something, yeah, go ahead.

Uh, do you think some of that's just like

a lack of attribution?

Because I know we see that a lot of times

with our businesses where

with get them, we're really doubted now.

But even with Opal, where our, our guy gives us a daily CPA,

like we track a bunch of stuff

and he's always like Google Organic,

and we're like, none of that's actually organic.

It's, people saw a video, they, you know, whatever it is.

Like they come back. Yeah. So I'm, I'm curious, do you think

that's sort of skewed by, uh, you know,

people just searching for brands

that already saw a VSL or ad Yeah.

Or another funnel, things like that?

A hundred percent. So like how our conversion tracking

works, and pretty much probably any conversion tracking

works is that somebody watches the video

and then they convert after it,

and then you have a conversion window.

So it could absolutely be coming through that,

like branded search traffic.

Uh, so yeah, so in fact, that actually makes a lot of sense

where maybe they're not actually searching whatever,

winding up on A BSL and then converting.

So yeah, that, that could be kind

of a, a little bit of noise in there.

Uh, TikTok super low, which is surprising.

Um, and then conversion rates by medium, uh, basically,

you know, affiliates convert, uh, the, you know, one

of the best here we have organic,

which Stephan was just talking about, you know,

might be kind of like thrown off organic here,

is gonna include, uh, search, social and something else.

But just being a, a bunch of, uh, like the random stuff

and, uh, and then email and paid.

Uh, and I would say the vast majority

of traffic on lytics is paid traffic.

Um, I, yeah, I don't have that pulled up,

but that's where that would land.

Um, I might have shared this last time, so, you know,

out outta geographies, it's really interesting

because Africa

and the US have almost the same engagement rates

and we found a, uh, you know, a correlation

between engagements and, and conversions.

But Africa converts at one fourth, that

of the US or North America.

And you know, the, the lesson there I think is

that if you have any traffic, you know,

coming from the African continent, you know, geo detect it

and drive it to some offer that's gonna convert better,

like, you know, if you can just find like an affiliate offer

or something like that, that's kind

of like primed for that space.

I don't know why people on

that continent are necessarily watching VSLs.

I find it very interesting that they're engaging with them

and they actually want to consume that content,

but then they're actually, you know, probably not even able

to get the product in a lot of cases, uh, you know, or,

or process a credit card or anything like that.

Uh, Europe is converting about 30% higher than North

America, and we're seeing this a lot

with companies like ship offers

that are open up facilities in, in Europe,

and that like, that's kind

of like lagging behind North America.

Of course, the capitalistic, you know, mecca of the world,

uh, where, you know, this is the most ferocious, aggressive,

uh, you know, basically market.

Uh, you know, and it's, you know, there's pros

and cons to that, but a lot of people are basically,

you know, taking tactics that work here

and then like duplicating it over into the European market.

So that's like an arbitrage kind of thing that, you know,

is, is an interesting play.

Uh, you know, for conversion rates,

the best converting countries, Spain, France, Italy, uh, so,

you know, part of, you know, obviously the eu

and then the worst converting countries, Nigeria, India,

and South South Africa.

I don't know if anybody is trying to target those countries,

but, you know, fun fact, um, what is interesting here,

the difference between these, right?

Is that basically, um, you know, there's a little bit

of like movement on the top, you know, uh, countries

for engagement, and again, we, we found

around a 28% is the current correlation

between engagement and conversions.

Before it was like 33%.

So it is kind of dropping,

and we see that kind of dropping over time.

So I'll, I'll talk more about that.

But something that's interesting here is

that the engagement in Brazil

and Singapore is, uh, is quite bad.

Uh, while, you know,

they're not necessarily the worst converting countries.

So if you're targeting those places,

which is actually probably more likely than you know,

Nigeria, uh, for this room, is that, you know,

these people are watching videos less, but they're still,

but it's not necessarily

impacting the conversion rate as much.

So there's a weaker correlation

between those two different metrics.

So if you're targeting those places

and you're trying to optimize your VSLs, then you would want

to like, you know, kind of pay a little bit less attention

to engagement and especially engagement benchmarks

that I'm gonna talk about where, kind

of take it with a grain of salt.

So if you're below those benchmarks,

these are some easy things to do.

So slapping controls onto the video, this is something

that surprised me because, you know,

nor normally it's like strip, strip away all distractions,

don't let anybody have anything.

But we found that when videos have the rewind, the volume,

the quality controls, this B controls,

they have higher conversion rates.

Now, I wanna be clear here, these aren't split test.

So this isn't like we went out

and like we tested turning on this feature

and turning off this feature.

This is just, we looked at videos with this turned on,

and with it out turned on when we were able

to tell like, their conversion rate.

And then, you know, you know, was there kind of basically a,

a signal there that we thought, you know,

would translate to a best practice?

Because there's pretty much always gonna be a higher impact

split test that you can do than, uh,

testing like the volume control on your player.

You know, uh, there's pretty much always gonna be that.

So nobody's really gonna get around

to ti like split testing this level of detail.

Uh, so basically when in doubt, go with the best practices.

So this is what we tell people to do.

We would say that it's like, you know,

kinda like a nice to have sort of thing.

So if somebody feels strongly,

we're not gonna argue with them about it.

But, you know, left to our own devices,

if we're setting up a, a video for somebody, uh, you know,

this is what we would turn on. So this is,

We didn't wanna split test that we just duplicate.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.

Um, so this is a lot of data about video resolution,

and there's, I, I almost didn't share this today,

but I was like, ah, f**k it.

I'll show 'em all the data that I got.

And the reason why I didn't wanna share it is

because there's not like a clear trend here where like,

because like seven 20, so this is startup resolution, right?

So the first resolution chunk

that the person sees when the video starts playing,

and then this is the max resolution.

So basically the highest resolution

that the video can go up to.

And basically what we had seen in the past is

that lower startup resolutions converted really

well, that's still true.

Uh, or over here it would be the startup resolution.

And we're still seeing like a really low, uh,

startup resolution, converting well,

although this one's also still low and it's quite,

but the conversion rate is low.

So there's not, so,

so there's not like a super strong kind of signal here.

But what I would absolutely recommend is, you know,

without kind of going brain dead on the data here,

is basically have a video that can run at 10 80 p,

so like a high resolution,

but then set the startup resolution to, you know,

either medium, which is gonna be an automatic setting,

at least in lytics or something lower.

I don't know if oth other video players actually have this

setting in their platform.

We've geeked out like just a stupid amount on video over the

last eight, nine years at Lytics

where we just think about like really

granular b******t about video.

It's super tedious.

Um, I kind of wish I started a business that like, you know,

or, or that I knew less about video.

Um, but this is stuff that we think about.

So, you know, basically the thing here though is

that when you have a lower resolution on the startup

quality, then that's gonna be the first chunks

that they're sending over to, uh, to basically the viewer.

And that means that it's gonna start up faster.

So that's basically what I'm saying here, is

that you want the video player to start up faster.

So you want the first resolution to be lower,

it's gonna be a little kind of blurrier on the first few,

like first few seconds,

and then it's gonna upscale to whatever their

bandwidth can, connection can handle.

Alright? After you're looking at those, those kind

of easy things there, then you would

wanna look at an engagement.

And I, uh, just, uh, just talked about this,

but we found a correlation between, uh, engagement

and conversions of 28%.

Now I have a PhD on my team

that actually has helped like us, like, you know,

build this report and, you know, the first rendition

of it took over a year to basically put it together.

Uh, this guy's a brainiac

and you know, he's like, so this is a, you know, weak

or very weak correlation kind

of depending on where it lands.

And it's like, but it's statistically significant.

And basically what that means is that, you know,

engagement is definitely gonna be

tied to higher conversions.

So you have higher, higher engagement,

you're gonna have higher conversions,

but it's not gonna be this sort of thing

that it's like a one-to-one thing

where if I like double my engagement rate,

then I'm gonna double my conversion rate.

So basically, you know, it means that people need

to watch your video before they buy,

but you know, it's not the end all be all.

And we're gonna talk about some other stuff

where we just see some really kind of wild,

wild discrepancies here.

So engagement by niche, um, I'm not gonna read all these,

but you know, if you want these slides, you can get 'em

or do you want some, don't worry about, okay.

Okay. What is the number?

So this would be on average how much

of the video a person watch.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you know,

and you can see what these VSLs people are making it

basically between like, you know, 15 and 20 ish percent

or 25% in the case of finance, which is really interesting,

of course, like the fin pubs are doing like these really

juicy stories of like, you know, the boogeyman that's gonna,

you know, rob your, you know, life savings and stuff.

Uh, and it's more of a boomer

market, probably more than a lot of others.

So I do think that's kind of interesting.

And then golf, which also has one

of the lowest conversion rates out of the niches

that we track, you know,

is also a really low engagement rate.

So, uh, so engagement is dropping across videos on lytics,

uh, over, you know, basically the last three years.

So that is something that's interesting.

And before I'm saying that conversion

rates are basically going higher.

So that even kind of shows that that correlation

between the two things is actually weakening, uh,

where basically, you know, people are watching less video,

but they're buying more.

So, you know, that basically kind of means

that people coming through these, you know, basically,

you know, they're less engaged.

Maybe they're more in info overload,

but they have a higher propensity to buy.

And then engagement rates by, you know, traffic source

eng engage, uh, organic's really high, you know,

emails the highest O right,

or actually, sorry, so affiliates are basically the highest

than email than paid in organic.

So pretty tight kind of correlation between all those, or,

or like tight, kind of like windows.

There's no kind of major outliers there.

Um, so some things that we recommend.

So here, here's the thing, right?

So engagement and conversions, are they correlated? Yes.

Are they super strongly correlated? No.

You know, like I was just saying.

But basically when in doubt, you know,

without getting into the copying the other metrics and,

and some things like that, you definitely want

to increase, increase engagement, right?

That is gonna be the leading indicator

that you can really kind of focus on if at least if you're

trying to move the needle and you don't have like any other

kind of clear hypothesis

as far as how you want to go about that.

So some things that we recommend for doing that, you know,

would be our smart autoplay, which, you know,

pretty much every video player on earth has

a autoplay feature.

A few of them have also called their smart smart Autoplay.

Uh, the reason why we call our smart though is

because it's gonna detect it.

The browser can play with sound,

and if not, uh, it's gonna play it on mute.

But if so, it's gonna play it with, uh, with audio.

So we'll still push that through in an aggressive fashion.

On, on videos recently, Instagram came out

with a new version of their, uh, browser

where they were not even letting, uh,

muted autoplay come through.

So they were just completely shutting it down.

We saw it in our data, we responded

to it within about a day.

Uh, but now we're joking

that we should call it Smarter Autoplay,

because basically what, what that happens, like a lot

of Instagram traffic is, you know, out there, is

that it's gonna not even let the video play on mute

and it's basically gonna mangle it.

And it's like, not like a bug of lytics.

This is something that affects every single video player.

Uh, and it was just basically a decision by Meta

or the Instagram team over there to, you know,

shut down autoplay videos.

Uh, some other things here, smart Pause.

This is something where if somebody's on the tab,

like your video's on a tab playing

and they go to another tab, it's gonna pause the video.

So it's not gonna let that play in the background.

It's not gonna let them get distracted

and go check their Facebook or their email

or anything like that and wait for your CTH to drop

so they can make an up or down decision on your price.

It's basically gonna force them back into that VSL,

much like removing the seeking Bar

and then focus full screen.

This is something where if a video goes full screen on a

mobile device, uh, it's gonna add in the controls

because just the phone's operating system takes over.

This is how every video player works.

So what we came up

with is basically it can take up the entire screen, not,

or sorry, the entire browser, not the screen.

And it sounds like a small distinction on a,

on a desktop you'll still see the tabs at the top,

but on mobile it's gonna look identical

to the video going full screen.

So then what that means is

that if you've removed Seeking Bar

or you have other kind of things that you've like, kind of,

you know, modified in the player settings,

that's gonna stay consistent when

the video goes full screen.

So, um, you know, these are basically the benchmarks.

At two minutes in, we find that, uh,

the average video on Lytics has 33% engagement.

So this is probably one

of the most important metrics in here.

Uh, that's just like a really good benchmark to see.

Uh, I was looking at, uh, uh, Jake

and Dave's, uh, BSL yesterday,

they were at like 45% engagement, you know,

so those guys are crushing it.

I was like, I wouldn't necessarily focus on your lead.

What's interesting here is that

before this was, there was a bigger drop off

between the first two minutes and the CTA drop,

and we've seen that tightening.

So a little bit lower people,

a little bit fewer people making it first

through the first two minutes,

but then more of them are sticking to the CTA drop.

That's like the recent data that we're seeing right now.

Um, so, you know,

basically everybody should be split testing leads.

You know, we're talking about high impact split tests like a

moment ago as far as like controls

and stuff like that, uh,

that's not the split test you should be doing necessarily.

Uh, I would say that one of the, you know,

the highest impact split test is always gonna be split

testing the lead of the video.

Uh, it's gonna vary in length,

so I just randomly pick two minutes.

Uh, I will set up tracking to actually fire right then

so I can kind of know how much I'm paying to get somebody

to two minutes into the video.

Uh, but basically, you know,

constantly split testing leads I think is a great idea

among other things like price and offer

and, you know, headlines or whatever.

Um, and then unmuting, uh, your videos.

So basically I was talking about like all the granular

conversations that we get into at Lytics

where it's like we're just like, kind of like thinking

a whole lot about video players

and VSLs saying conversions and stuff like that.

And one of the things that we're wondering is,

are people watching VSLs on mute?

Because I think we probably all do this

where we're like scrolling social media

and like a video pops up and we don't unmute it

and we just read the captions.

So we're like, Hey, is that happening with the VSL?

And the answer is basically no.

So, uh, people are not doing that from like,

basically the data that we have.

The one guy I sent you away where he was like,

I don't remember this, the VSLs not converting, and Nick

and I had written it for this guy for the agency side,

and he's like, you, I've got,

and first of all, it was like f*****g

400 clicks or something like that.

Okay. But then he is like, show me his data.

And it was like, um, the unmute rate was like, I forget,

it was like, like, like 18%

of people were unmuting the video or something.

Okay. So I'm like, out of this 400 people only like,

you know, 18% of 'em or even unmuting it to watch the bsl.

So then trying to take that data

and be like, this isn't working is like, clearly not,

but it's a good thing to, it is a good thing

to look at if you do use lytics

or whatever is like, if people, 'cause your headline sucks

or people aren't pre-sold correctly or whatever it is,

and they're not even like unmuting it,

then like, you have a problem, right?

Absolutely. So I thought that was actually interesting data

point there, um, that I, it didn't cross their mind.

I sort of just assumed people come,

then they click the button, right?

Which is how it should be.

But obviously you have data where some people are, I mean,

I assume if it's 63 seconds,

like you're, that VSL is f****d.

Like that's not, that thing's not

converting at all, I would imagine.

Yeah. In fact, actually it'd be interesting for us

to look at unmute, unmute rates, uh, correlated

with, uh, conversion rates.

Yeah, super interesting.

That might actually be even more

correlated than engagements.

Yeah. What's up? I

Was wondering about the unmute rate.

Yeah. Uh, if you've seen the difference

between having the play button in the middle

of the screen versus in the top left.

Yeah. Like have you split tested that or see if it makes

A difference? We haven't

looked at it, but we could and we will.

So, um, if you get in touch with us,

we can have that within a week. Dylan

And I are going back and forth.

I think the middle button's gonna convert better Yeah.

To the top Left.

So, um, yeah.

So the, so the square in the middle is something

that we built for Steve Weatherford's team.

Uh, they built it custom on another video player

and they were coming over and they were like, Hey,

we tested this, we'd like it better.

Would you build him? We're like, yes.

'cause that's, we, we always wanna like,

you know, make decisions that way.

Um, so that's kind of considered our best practice.

Um, the, the one in the corner is,

which like we call it classy in the corner.

Um, I might even have like a

picture of what we're talking about here.

Yeah. So these things, these are what we're talking about.

So this is the classy in the corner.

This is the box in the middle. This was our first one.

And I don't think many people use it,

but I was just in Dubai and somebody came up to me

and they're like, Hey, I thought this was gonna work best,

and it didn't, and I think they did a test with this.

So, um, we can, we can look that data up

that that'd be pretty easy for us to do compared to some

of the other questions that we get.

Yeah, so basically, like right here

before I move on, the average unmute on

the video is seven seconds.

So they watch seven seconds, they click unmute a lease on

with lytics, they will restart the video so it goes back

so they don't miss anything.

So Elise, with us,

we would not recommend having like a countdown timer if

like, turn on your sound in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

But basically just having like

that first at least seven seconds of the video

to be super juicy,

because assuming that people are gonna be watching

that on mute, so the audio is not gonna be playing a

factor of hooking that traffic.

Um, you know, like we're talking about 33%

of people are only making it two minutes into the video.

So almost everybody's dropping off during that period.

So they're kind of coming over, they're seeing the video,

they've maybe seen a VSL before, uh,

and they're saying like, oh s**t, I don't have time

for this, you know, but then trying

to hook 'em is like really important there.

So yeah, we, we have some recommendations for that.

But basically before I get into that,

the average on unmute rate is 40%.

The top 10% not of mutes,

but of conversions is 75%.

Or, sorry, I'm not sure if this is a conversion number I'd

have to check, but, uh, basically the top is 75.

So you know, if you wanna be averaging

you're 40%, then you're happy.

But basically, if not, you have room to, to, to,

to move the needle there.

So this is some of the stuff that we recommend to,

to move the needle on unmutes.

So like using captions

and lytics, it's an AI thing

where you can just click it if you don't have them built.

So it can just like generate there.

Somebody asked me if they're accurate,

and I'm gonna say probably, uh, you know, it's like a GPT,

so it's gonna be, you know, fairly accurate.

I'm sure it's gonna have a few mistakes.

Uh, something that we're working on next is,

is different languages of that and then auto detecting that,

and then playing like this, the, uh,

or displaying the language that is, uh, the browser set to,

uh, customizing the smart autoplay message.

So just like what that says, but really the needle mover

here is gonna be these, these last two, which is obviously

focusing on the first six seconds of the video.

More VSLs that I just personally see anecdotally are having

more like a roll at the beginning of their VVSL as far

as like, you know, live footage

that they actually shot themselves, not b roll,

not text on screen, that type of stuff.

But then this last one is a video thumbnail.

This is something that we just re just released.

And what it is, is basically you can upload

or pick from your VSL, uh, a little segment of the video

that you wanna play at the beginning,

that it's gonna be like a

thumbnail, it's gonna play on a loop.

Uh, so it's gonna look like smart autoplay,

so it's gonna look like the video's just automatically

playing and they're gonna be like, oh s**t, what's this?

I wanna unmute it. But then it's gonna play whatever

the actual video is there.

And I mean, like, this maybe kind of goes without saying,

but like what you wanna do do in

that video thumbnail is have it be like a movie trail,

just like bam, bam, bam.

Like some really kind of juicy stuff to like hook 'em as far

as something super exciting. Is that

Recent? Yeah.

How so?

Um, last, like I think like Mother, you talked Jackson

About that. We talked about that

in Vegas. Yeah. So

What's the difference between the video thumbnail,

objective, smart autoplay, what that

Shows Smart autoplay is just gonna play the video.

Um, unmute at the browser won't allow sound.

So it's just playing from the beginning.

Yeah. And but then you

Click play and starts.

Yeah, I, you don't have to have that.

You can change it if you want.

Um, but, uh,

and then the video thumbnail is gonna be like either a

segment of your video that you choose where you're like,

Hey, I want from this time to this time to play,

or you can, uh, upload your own.

So like, you could get something like edited

that's just like super exciting, like, you know, you know,

babes and bikinis and explosions and fast cars. Okay.

Can you do multiple, Like how would you actually test?

Uh, you would probably set up another video. Okay.

Just do video. Yeah.

That, that would probably be, what's the

Max length?

Uh, I don't know. So that's probably gonna be, yeah,

Okay. Yeah, no,

I'm just like, I think that's

Our idea for you.

Okay. I don't remember going to your room in Vegas.

Yeah, so anyways, on me rates,

these are the different styles.

We talked about those. Here's something really important

that people don't realize about six

and a half percent of the time, uh, autoplay is gonna fail.

And that's just like our stat

that we see across our platform with the quality

of experience analytics that we track on the backend.

These aren't exposed to users,

but this is just something that like we, you know,

we're doing a lot of scale, so we have to have a lot

of metrics to, you know, keep the health of the platform,

uh, up, up and running.

But six point half percent

of the times autoplay is not gonna work.

And I noticed this once on somebody's video

and it was like text on screen,

but the first slide was actually just white.

So they had a, so, and it was on a white webpage,

so the autoplay didn't play and the first frame was white.

So basically there was a video there that needed

to be clicked, but there was no other controls put on it,

and there was no way of knowing that

unless you just started randomly clicking around.

So this is something

that's just gonna happen on every single video player.

And the reason why it's happening is

what I got listed right here.

Low power mode, data saving mode

or obscure browsers, uh, like, like really obscure, uh,

besides the Instagram one.

But that's actually a case

where actually we're probably gonna be seeing this climbing,

uh, you know, where we're falling back to a click to play,

uh, on the Instagram browser, uh,

because that's basically what you have to do there.

But, um, you know, basically, you know, and,

and maybe this is a trend,

maybe Instagram is gonna be the first domino where there's,

you know, like, like years ago it was like, Hey,

we're not gonna allow autoplay.

And now maybe they're gonna say, we're not gonna

allow muted autoplay.

I, I don't know if that's actually gonna be super prevalent,

but either way, aside from all that, the thing is, is

that like some people will upload a video to Lytics,

turn on smart autoplay and call today

and not set a thumbnail.

And that's just like a bad move because six

and a half percent on time, six

and a half percent of the time on average,

that autoplay is not gonna work.

So you want to have a thumbnail there that's gonna,

you know, grab their attention and, and be juicy

and get them to engage with the video.

So that's like a super easy win.

Um, and that's, you know, over one 20th of your traffic.

So, uh, alright,

when do most conversions happen?

This is something, so this is

what like our conversion tracking looks like,

where basically you set it up on your first upsell

or whatever, and then it's gonna attribute back to the video

how far people watch into it before the,

before they purchase.

So you can kind of see the needle movers here as far as like

what part of the video is really kind of driving things,

like if it flattens out or it increases,

but I had no idea this data existed

until we built this feature.

Uh, and we, and we slapped it on,

and I saw it in my own VSLs, um, where, you know, it used

to be 35% of conversions were happening at

the very end of the video.

And the most recent data that we have is that it's 47%,

which seems astronomical.

But basically what that means is that people are watching

until the very end of your video before they purchase.

So kind of wild, the thing that really blows my mind,

and I saw this on, uh, David

and Jake's, uh, VSL yesterday, they have very similar data

to this, where three, the average engagement at the end

of the video is 3%.

So 3% of people make it to the end of the video,

but then they represent nearly half of all conversions.

So some things to do. So like, that's, that's interesting.

What should you do with it? Well,

you should think about it from a copy perspective,

which I'll talk about, but from like a technical setup,

what we would recommend is having the video basically

countdown to, uh, you know,

basically it's like, Hey, the thing has ended.

You know, it's time to, uh, you know, basically you, you,

you know, you don't have to go

home, but you can't stay here.

Uh, I I I, I used

to sell newspaper subscriptions in like grocery stores

and I would have this little pitch

and at the end of it I would just be like, debitor credit.

And people were like, oh,

and they'd like get their

wallet out and hand me their money.

And it was funny because like the form didn't have like even

a check box for debitor credit.

It made zero difference,

but it was just this prompt, you know,

it's just like a typical call to action, click the button,

buy now, do this or that.

And, you know, basically, you know, at the end

of the video when it, when we have this countdown thing,

it's basically like, you know, what is the psychology

that is watching an entire VSL to the very end

before they purchase?

And then, you know, basically I think they're in fomo,

you know, they're in anxiety, we're presenting a problem

with them, like they have a problem to solve,

but now they have a new problem

of deciding whether or not to buy your product.

What are they gonna say to their wife?

You know, is it gonna, you know, is it gonna work?

Are they gonna feel stupid? You know,

what is the return policy?

All these things, even things

that they've already been told.

So it's something to think about as far as

what you're doing post call to action in your VSL as far

as what's that clincher copy

that's getting them over the fence.

Another thing though, and this, this, I actually thought

of when I saw the engagement rate being so low

and the conversion rate being so high,

but some other things that you can be doing is

tagging the videos and, uh, microversion.

So a tag is something that you push over

to A CRM if you have their identity, just so you know, like,

hey, if somebody watched most of your VSL

that is a hot buyer, that's a hot lead as far

as like lead scoring, that would be like

basically as high as it can get.

So any kind of thing that you can do to kind of identify

that person and hound them until they die

to buy your s**t is a good idea.

Uh, and then a micro conversion.

This is something where, you know, a lot

of the time if you have cold traffic,

you're driving into a video,

you don't know who that person is.

So tagging is gonna push over to like a CRM, uh,

where a microversion is gonna be, uh, pushing over

to like an ad accounts

or you know, any other kind of marketing tool.

Uh, but basically setting up like a retargeting audience,

audience there and like, just basically like, you know,

maxing out the, the CPC, uh,

or, you know, whatever the bidding kind of, uh,

threshold is, there is a really good idea

because you know, people that are making it to the end

of the video, they are, they're really engaged.

They're, you know, that that is somebody

that is very interested in what you have

to, you know, offer.

Cool. This is kind of what I was talking about,

clincher copy, you know, uh, if you're ready

to buy then do this now.

You're not gonna see anything new.

I've covered absolutely everything, you know,

basically take action now.

Cool. Uh, this is something,

six months ago we were talking about this as far

as the average length

of videos on lytics and stuff like that.

So right now we're actually seeing the average VSL

at 36 minutes.

What is interesting is

that I was operating under the assumption

that VSLs were getting shorter

because that just kind of seems

to be the trend of where the world is going.

It's actually getting longer, not by a lot.

I think this represents about 15%, uh,

these extra five minutes since 2001,

but they are getting longer.

Uh, so by niche these are the average links.

And it's interesting that once again, we see finance,

you know, earlier we saw

that their engagement rate is actually one of the highest,

it was 24%, but they actually have the longest videos.

So there you go.

Uh, biz op is gonna be a lot of book a call funnels,

which actually is what we're gonna talk about next is that

for book a call funnels,

the best converting links is about 25 minutes.

The worst is 60 minutes. And it makes sense, right?

It's a, it's a lot lower, lower barrier to entry

as far as what they're buying.

You know, they're filling out their information

to basically, you know, book a call, you know,

with your team that they're not gonna show up to.

Yeah. And uh, so, you know, how much do you really need

to convince them to blow off your sales team?

You know, maybe more, I don't know.

But actually, but these are, these are conversion rates.

So this is actually the people that are booking the call,

we wouldn't track through to, to shows.

We could do that. It would be a little bit of a setup,

but we don't have that data

and that's not not included here

on just straight up VSLs though.

Uh, as best as we're able to tell,

the best converting ones are 20 minutes long,

and the worst converting ones are 45 minutes.

So what I had seen in the data is basically

whenever like a video hit hits like an hour, the engagements

and the conversions just drop off a cliff.

They just drop off a cliff.

And what's interesting about that is

that the engagement you, you know, is that people aren't,

well, alright, nevermind.

So yeah, uh, upsells,

we see the best converting ones at 20 minutes,

the worst converting ones at 40 minutes.

And I'll talk about this in a moment as far as, uh,

the links of upsells or, um,

or sorry, the engagements of them.

So, all right, when you drop a CTA,

the worst converting VSLs are dropping them at 79%.

The best converting VSLs are dropping them at 30%. What's up

Question? Sorry.

Sure. We do a Call that on the thank you page,

like Sure. You watch

This? Yeah. Pre-call,

Like, do you guys ever correlate kind of,

Uh, so what exactly is the question?

Do we ever correlate the two? Yeah, like,

Uh, because we focus a lot on the

Yeah.

Per se, like watching that video.

Oh, you know what I mean? Yeah.

I don't have that in this report.

That would be kind of hard for us to tease out.

Like at scale across like all the videos we have, uh,

like we to figure out like which video is which

for this data we use ai, uh, to like transcribe the video

and then like, what is this video about?

What is it call to action? Is it

for a phone call and stuff show?

Mm-hmm. Oh yeah.

So what I was gonna say though is like, for this type

of thing, like kinda like doing these like averages

and best practices and benchmarks, that'd be difficult,

but setting it up for you, especially like a sales team

or something like that, it could be a good idea.

So like one idea is that if they've just booked the call,

then you have their ID

or you have their identity,

so then they wind up on your thank you page

and then they're watching the, the pre-call video.

And so what you can do is actually tag them in your CRM

based on how much of that video they've watched.

And what you could also do is just be like, Hey, you know,

you know, you got a call with me tomorrow

and I saw that you, uh, haven't watched the pre-call video,

I'm gonna cancel it if you don't watch it.

You know, so you can kind of have that scarcity and stuff

and just be like, Hey, you must watch this

before, uh, before the call.

And then you could also be following up with them, Hey,

you haven't watched it, you know,

or you did watch it, watch this other

thing, you know, or do whatever.

Uh, so that is like a really good use of, of tagging

and also lead scoring in your CRM.

And then also if your sales team is gonna be like hounding

any leads, it's gonna be the ones that, you know, watch

that video, you know,

Best way to pass that tag.

Um, so the easiest way is

that if they opt in on the first page, you just pass it

through on the URL of the next one and then like,

and then we just beam it over.

But if they opt in to like,

so we have a feature called Play Gates,

which is like an opt-in, they opt into that,

then it'll just happen automatically.

But yeah, and then there's also like through an API.

Okay. Even,

Um, if what

That they launched

75, I can't send

That. If you have their

identity, you can absolutely send the tag.

Yeah, so there's a few different ways.

So you can do it through either the lytics Play

Gate or opt-in.

You can do it through the URL, like if like their identity,

some kind of unique identifier is in the URL, uh,

then Lytics will pick that up

and then beam it over to the CRM

and just be like, this person did hit this tag or whatever.

And you could set a tag at 0%

or, you know, anywhere in between.

Um, you can also have a tag where if they've hit

to a certain point in your video

and then they return to it,

then you play a different video for them.

Okay. Yeah. So there's, there's lots of things like that.

Um, is that, is

That device based?

Uh, so we call it a vid condition

and we have a couple different settings.

So it can be based off their, their device based off of,

they've just watched the video, uh, at all

before it can be based off

of if they have a certain tag applied to them.

So, and the tag you would set up,

say it's like you have the price or the product reveal

or some kind of key thing in the video,

then you would set up a tag there, right?

And it's like, okay, if they see my price

or if they've seen most of the VSL, then I want them

to see something else when they come back to the video,

like more clinch or copy.

So that would be kind of what the tag would function off of.

And I think there might be some other ones

that are escaping me right now

as far as how that would work.

Did all those questions get answered or what's up? Um,

I would say like

cookies or whatever I, whatever and exactly.

Example,

IP, whatever

conversion or we come back to the

page amount

of people, the end, whatever.

So,

so you,

Uh, maybe, Yeah.

All right, cool. So yeah. All right.

So yeah, uh, this is a, a split test, um,

that I wasn't a part of,

but I was working with a nine figure brand

that's, that's on Lytics.

I was looking at their funnel and they were dropping the CTA

30 seconds into the video

and I was like, Hey, is this a mistake?

Is this broken? What's going on? Is this just for qa?

And they were like, oh no, we tested

that and it worked better.

And I was like, really? So I wasn't involved in that,

but that just kind of goes to show with this like kind

of CTA data, um, where basically the sooner in the video,

like that's correlated with higher conversions.

Uh, the question that I would ask with this is,

what is their A OV and their, their lifetime customer value

of somebody that's maybe like not watching their entire

video getting fully indoctrinated?

Alright, talk about some upsell. So upsell engagements.

Uh, so again,

a front end VSL engagement is gonna be about 21%.

Um, but an upsell is gonna be 15%.

Of course these are converting at a much higher clip

than a typical VSL, right?

You know, like a good take rate can be like 20%.

But what's interesting there is

that they're watching less of the video.

So buying more, watching less as far as the,

you know, people coming through.

And what's interesting is while we're seeing like front end

VSLs get longer, we're seeing vs uh, upsells get shorter.

So this isn't necessarily to say

that this is like the best practice, uh,

but that is something that,

that we're seeing across the platform.

What was really interesting is

that we saw a 60% higher engagement on upsells when the

seeking bar was present.

So I would basically just kind of run with that

and put seeking bars on all of your upsells.

Uh, and then what devices convert best

for a straight sale desktop for book a call mobile,

probably not a huge surprise there.

'cause again, people, you know, just being on their phone,

filling out an opt-in to, you know,

book a call is gonna be a lot easier on their phone.

And then it's like, I I, I saw this meme recently

that was like, it's the millennial trait

that like making a big purchase must be done on the desktop

computer where it's like, you know,

we don't wanna like buy things,

especially expensive things from our phones,

but it is just kind of easier to do that, you know,

especially, at least for me,

I have all my credit cards in my desktop browser, so,

you know, it's basically like a

few clicks to get through that.

Tablets are f*****g weird.

Um, they have slightly higher engagements,

but 27% lower conversion rates.

And you know, this does make up a very small fraction

of the traffic on lytics, uh, compared to these other ones.

But, you know, in my mind that's just

that people are scrolling through

and they're just kind of like in browse mode as opposed

to like buying mode and maybe they don't have their credit

card set up on their tablet to purchase things, uh, easily.

Uh, what's interesting is

that mobile devices are taking up a bigger share

of traffic than ever before.

Maybe not a huge surprise,

but you know, basically on lytics in 2025, it's 72%

of the traffic is mobile.

Uh, Brazil, uh, is the only country in the top 23

that we analyze that has more desktop traffic than mobile.

And something that basically Eddie, uh,

and I were just talking about here is something

that we recommend as a best practice is

to show a different video based on their device type.

So basically a vertical on mobile and a horizontal, uh,

or a landscape on desktop.

So that's something that can be very easy.

And then returning visitors are actually dropping, not

by a ton, but uh, you know, it is down, you know,

to 12% basically in 2025.

Where in, uh, 20, I don't know when this metric was,

but it was 17%.

And actually the last time I did this report,

it was like 13.3%.

So returning traffic is kind of going down.

And when you can think about engagement rates being down

and then returning traffic being down, uh, you know,

and people wanting to kind of have like shorter videos,

whether or not they're getting shorter

or not, that does kind of be like a trend

that people are like, oh,

I've already seen this ad or whatever.

So they're not necessarily, uh, clicking on that.

Uh, another Brazilian fact is that, uh,

Brazil has the highest amounts

of returning visitors out of the countries that we looked at.

So a best practice that we typically recommend is

to put on resume play.

This is when somebody returns to the video,

they have basically a message

that's like, Hey, you already watched this.

Do you wanna continue where you were

or start over the video from the very beginning?

What's interesting is that we actually looked at the data,

and I haven't seen the split test,

and this is one that actually would be kinda like

medium impact and worth testing.

I'm looking at Mark and Jeff.

Uh, but basically we saw

that when revisit seeking Bar is turned on,

it actually had a higher correlation with, uh, conversions.

Is that, is that like a vid set up?

This, this isn't a vid condition necessarily.

Vid conditions would be to play different videos based off

of different parameters and stuff.

Uh, but this is actually just,

if they've already watched the video

and they've returned to it, then the seeking Bar is present.

Is that, is that a Setting?

Yeah, yeah, it's just like, yeah, it's just a click on, uh,

right around the, uh, seeking bar thing.

And basically what's interesting is that like this,

this seems to work better than the resume play.

At least that would be the test that, that I would set up,

uh, just based off of the, the data that we saw.

But it had a higher correlation with conversions

to just add the seeking bar back in

when they returned to the video.

Uh, another thing

that we already talked about is these bid conditions

where if they've already seen the video, uh,

another parameter that I didn't take of earlier is

that if they have a certain uur rail parameter,

you can play a specific video, stuff like that.

But basically, you know, as we enter, you know, more

and more of the world of like ai, you know,

and you know, the future

of marketing is gonna be personalization.

So this is the type of stuff that we can do now that,

you know, has these kind of like settings

where it's just like, hey, if they've watched this play a

different video, if they've done this, do that.

And you know, in the future I think AI is gonna be handling

a lot of this for us, where it's gonna be basically like

the, you know, media, you know, the ad platforms, algorithms

where, you know, they're kind of taking over

and doing a lot of the driving.

So this is a strategy that I would have

for returning traffic.

So again, I think it was a 12%,

it's still a significant portion of traffic,

and I believe that it converts at 65% higher

rate than normal traffic.

So it's just like the people that are watching all the way

through your video, uh, you know, basically, you know,

they're hot leads and you want to kind

of do everything you can to, to move the needle on them.

But something that would be very kind

of interesting is showing them a shorter video,

especially depending on how much of the video

that they originally watched.

So more clincher copy, more kind of like getting, getting

to the point, adding in the seeking bar for people

that return to it, getting into the close as soon

as possible and dropping the call to action right away.

So that's basically what I would recommend for doing, uh,

you know, for, for returning traffic.

And then, you know, I shared this last time,

I'm still bullish on these things,

although they are a pain in the ass to set up

because they, they have a slow adoption,

although Nick said that, you know, him

and I are gonna work on one of these, uh,

but interactive videos

where basically it's like a choose your own adventure,

somebody's watching, and then basically they make a choice

and a different video plays based off of that.

So the way that I like to think about these is that,

you know, asking questions that are based off

of the psychographics of people.

So it's just like, you know, something that allows you

to speak to that person differently.

You know, whether it's about their goals, their motivations,

their fears, but then kind

of busting out those avatars from there

to have a unique mechanism of the product, uh,

or sorry, a unique mechanism of the problem that ties to

that avatar where it's like, are you a man

or a woman where if you're a woman losing weight, you know,

comes down to this, you know, like toxic estrogen syndrome

or something, and it's completely different

for you than it is for a man

that also justifies asking that question.

And then being able to kind of talk

to them in a more personalized fashion.

So this is kind of what it like, looks like,

at least in tics.

A our quiz,

the answers pre rendered 35 variations based on,

Wow, I'm sorry, we, we pre-rendered it based on

how they answered the, uh, the quiz question.

So it was like a truly personalized experience

and not just like marketing mumbo jumbo,

but actually like the value that was delivered in there.

Um, is there a mechanism that you have inside

that would save it from all the pre rendering

and allow us to sort of like stitch together, um,

videos automatically?

Yeah. Um, so like this thing,

it would be like they watch the lead,

they have a question that looks like this.

They choose one of the options by the way,

Hawaiian shirt one, it was like two to one.

Um, and then, uh, they come through

and then it would play the next segment of the video.

It would seem like one seamless experience for them,

but it's like getting more personalized on the back end.

You're just setting up the different videos

like this and stitching it together.

So if, if the quiz was on the front end though,

so you're just capturing like, you know, you have, you know,

a questionnaire for yours, so there's like,

yeah, 10 data points.

Like, okay, we want to give them video, you know, a, a video

that is customized to those 10 data points.

So it's not, they're not actually

taking the quiz in the video.

They've already taken it. Got it.

So they are given a video that is sort

of like automatically produced.

Unfortunately, I think you would just need

to make the different videos based off of

The answers. Yeah. It's not that big

of a pain in the ass

anymore, but, okay, cool. Thank you.

What, what I see people doing have felt like a quiz funnel

is that like, there might be like one

or two questions like say like gender and age

or something that determines a different

V-V-V-S-L that they land on.

They might be asking other stuff in there

that they're capturing and passing to the CRM.

Mm-hmm. Uh, you know,

or just, you know, capturing for like other purposes,

but they're not necessarily, uh, like having like

all these permutations.

Yeah. We simplified it down to seven in the end.

Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That could be a lot. But like, when you think about this,

this would be like, right, so like right here there's two

versions, then there's four.

So it's like, I don't know, I think that's maybe six.

I forgot how this math works,

but like this right here,

the permutations on this, uh, what do you do?

Like multiply 'em or something like that.

So two times 4, 8 16 if I, if

that's how, is that how it works?

Yeah. So there's 16 permutations right here. Yeah.

Cool. If you want these slides

or you want to talk about any of this stuff, like that's

what this QR code's for.

Sweet. Thank you, Patrick. Does anyone have

any questions for Patrick?

Nick, I'm gonna, I'm coming to you first.

I got, uh, two questions for you

My Man. So

when you said dropping the CTA 30% into the

video earlier Yeah.

Is that dropping the CTA in the copy script

or just revealing the offer below the video?

It would be revealing the CTA.

So I think most people, except for this nine figure brand

that had the split test that I talked about, uh,

I think almost everybody is gonna be

doing like a product reveal both in

copy and like in the video.

So those are gonna be one and the same.

Wow. Okay. Is that, is that what you're asking?

Yeah. 'cause I'm just, I'm, I'm thinking like

what I'm asking is in the script, 30% into the video

you're saying, Hey, we have a product, you should go buy it.

It's below this video, go click.

So it's in the script itself. It's like within the video

That's, that's, I mean, that's pretty much

how I always see it done.

Yeah. So that's like,

but the data that we have, like, we're not going

and watching everybody's video

and like kind of looking at the copy and this and that.

We're like, we're doing this at like a massive scale. Yeah.

So yeah. So we're trying to just, yeah, kind

of do it from a more quantitative

standpoint as much as possible.

But I would think like 95, 90 9% of the time, uh,

it's gonna be revealed in the copy as well.

Gotcha. Alright. Yeah.

Uh, my other question is the returning traffic, uh,

when you said there's a, you said the seeking bar, right?

Including, uh,

appears is the seeking bar function actually enabled

where they can fast forward or is it just appear

Yeah, in that one that I'm talking about, we have one

that like is a fake seeking bar.

Yeah. Uh, we call it like a rapid engage bar.

So it like moves fast in the beginning,

but it's like you can't actually,

it doesn't do anything if you click on it.

Yeah. Uh, that's not what I'm talking about.

I'm talking about like, if they return to the video,

just put the seeking bar on. Gotcha.

So, yeah. Okay, cool. Thank you.

Yeah, I wanna have you guys for skincare, like, uh,

for our, our skin thing, like,

because I'm like, we're not like f*****g

leveraging ly at all.

Like, we're not like leveraging

any of your guys' functionality.

Okay. So I'm gonna have you guys like do, I'll dig a variant

of our landing page, but

where you guys just do all of your best practices.

Yeah. And then like I'll do a case study when

that one just like s***s on our current one,

which would be great for us also. Yeah. So,

Uh, Actually about that, but

Yeah. Yeah, I mean, we

can absolutely do that.

Jump on a call and like we have some, like an internal tool

that, that we use for these things

and we call it a video conversion audit

and it's just like our checklist and stuff.

Yeah. And we just like run through it. Um, so yeah, we can,

You can also just, you can give us that,

but yeah, I just wanna do a split test where it's like,

and not like as granular,

I'd rather just like do a second version

where it's like just, just do everything,

basically do everything

and then just see what the difference is.

I bet, I bet it would be like a significant

boost, honestly. Yeah,

Yeah. Yeah.

Have you seen anybody who's doing book call

with a nominal fee, a dollar, $5, anything like that?

No. Yeah. Easy answer is, is that the idea?

Just to get like a micro

commitment so they show up or something.

Yeah, it's a good idea. But yeah,

I'm sure it exists, you know.

Um, But yeah, I mean the, the people that I've talked

to about book of calls are trying to like optimize kind

of front end, you know, opt-ins

and then just juice the show rate in, in a different way.

Uh, an interesting tactic on that would be to like, Hey,

you just need to reserve your spot just to know

that you're serious when you show up

to the call, you're gonna get it back.

So yeah, I don't know if

that's what you're thinking, but Yeah.

So, but yeah, I, I don't have much else to say on that. So

It's like, I like that it's gotta test it,

but I mean, I like that idea though.

Yeah.

If I upload a video, you said, uh,

there's a caption generator on it that works through ai.

Can I edit those captions to proofread it

to make sure that it comes out all right?

Um, I don't think so. Okay.

But you might be able to download it and then do it

and re-upload it and, uh,

but I can also ask about making that possible.

What about It's a good idea Actually. Really good idea.

Yeah. I, I got a story

or two about, uh, funky captions with Okay.

AI generations. Uh, what about,

would there be an issue uploading hardcoded captions? Oh

No. Yeah, you can

absolutely do that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Um, something in like, you,

like if you have captions you can have them automatically

appear like right away

or you can have it just be an option

that they go and find themselves.

Uh, I'm not sure like what would work better

of hard coding into the video,

which is what a lot of people do.

Especially 'cause like some

of this frames are like text on screen

or it's like, you know, like, but like animated and stuff.

So it's like, do you need captions there?

'cause this is gonna be kind of like redundant.

So that's kind of something else to think about as far

as like how to kind of navigate those two things,

which is probably very unique to, to direct response.

Yeah.

Do you happen to have data on the CDA drop?

Uh, specifically for abs?

Uh, no, not right now, but

I could. Okay. Because

on our side we're seeing, we have them,

we have the CDA drop at the end

and we're seeing good conversion rates.

Yeah. So I think it would be good to know, like, do

You mind sharing your conversion rate?

Uh, 65%. That's

Fantastic. Yeah. Wow.

Yeah,

I think you might actually be onto something

just with that CTA drop.

Um, what's really interesting too is about the CTA drops is

that we're seeing most, like, you know,

or a huge portion of conversions happening at the end

of videos, but then we're seeing CTA drops happen sooner.

So that is kind of something to balance between the twos

because obviously the more of like a video

that somebody watches the higher

propensity that they have to buy.

Uh, so I don't know kind of how to, how

to balance those necessarily,

but it's just kind of something I'm pointing out, so.

Okay. We can, we can follow up on

that if you'd like, get in touch.

Um, we, you know, can like try to answer that question

and have it for you in short

Order. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Thank

you. Cool.

Did you say earlier that, um,

for the CTA drop on average retention is about, um,

28%

29 29?

Yeah. So that means For the best converting,

So Oh, for the best converting. Okay.

Yeah. Yeah,

because that seems like if you are two minutes,

you're at like 33 say here it's,

and then you only go down if

for like two minutes. You're say like 33.

Sorry, sorry. This is an engagement. Oh wait, sorry.

No, I, I'm, I'm the one that's confused. Excuse me.

I know what you're saying. Um, you're talking about

like two minutes into the video, when to drop it,

Uh, This thing. Yeah.

Yeah. So are you saying that there's 33% of two minutes

and then Yeah, there's only a 5% drop

In this in the recent data?

Yes. Uh, the last time we ran these numbers it was 35 on the

first one and I think it was like 12

or 13 points lower on the next, um, so like 22% or so.

So we've seen that gap narrow

between the B basically less drop off

between the two minute mark and the CTA.

But yeah, like most engagement graphs look like a plane

landing, like, well first doing like a nose dive.

Yeah. Not a plane I would want to be on, but Yeah.

But, but, but then it, but then it like smooths out right.

Is my point. So it like smooths out

and then it like just cruises.

So it's like people are like, you're losing a shitload

of people in the first like few minutes

and then the people that kind of stick around from there,

like most of them stick around

and then like their completion bias

kicks in and that kind of stuff.

Yeah. 'cause I think our like two minute is something like

40%, but then at our CTA drop it's like,

uh, 16%.

Wow. So there's a massive drop between those two things.

How long, uh, at what timestamp

are you dropping these CTA? Probably

Like 16 minutes or something like that. Wow.

That's, That's pro that's when

we present the pro though,

Because if people are dropping the

CTA earlier and earlier,

Yeah, it kind of makes Sense why that

Drop size. It

it does actually. Yeah.

Um, that might be something that we could look at as far

as like time and video or percent

to video before they're dropping it.

So we have looked at this stuff though, not just in terms

of percentages 'cause we're like, well are these upsells

that we're like, they just kinda have their tracking

like set up in a goofy way.

But when we looked at it in terms of like minutes,

not just percentage, in other words, like,

are we accidentally looking at videos that are just short,

you know, and then thinking and then like skewing our data.

Uh, that's what we saw.

But for you, I, if you have 45% at two minutes

and then 16 A CTA,

I'd really focus on like the message between those two.

That actually might be the biggest leverage point

for you if you're gonna go and like, make copy changes

and like, new versions of the BSL to test.

Yeah. 'cause ours, we, we get that decline,

but that decline like kind of continues not,

not the same rate, but continues after

after the leaders just keeps declining. Yeah.

Yeah. Uh, I didn't notice

that when I looked at your stuff yesterday,

but I'd be happy to look at it again.

Yeah, thanks. Yeah, yeah.

When we're talking about the CTA drop here,

what's the average time period

through the video for this example?

I do not have that data, but I can pull it.

But please, so thank you.

Like I was just saying, we looked at this from like a

percentage of the video

and then also like in terms of like minutes, um, just

to kind of, yeah, make sure that we didn't f**k up the

data, which is easy to do.

All right, sweet. Uh, if you guys have more questions

for Patrick, you can ask him at lunch, which is

what we're about to do.

Sweet. So you go to lunch, it's 1250,

let's come back from lunch at 1 45

and then we'll continue on, uh,

with Max Bernstein who'll be doing stuff on AI processes,

automations, things like that, workflows for our businesses.

But, uh, yeah, so lunches are outside.

Same thing as yesterday. You know, you can eat tables.

Feel free to move around, talk, get some sunshine

and then we'll be back at 1 45.

Thank you again, Patrick.