Okay, so one more example on the brief side.

So, I wanted to do a financial one,

and you know,

I thought it would be interesting to see how

this would go. So I took the, uh,

Secret Trust Fund VSL from Agora, which I included the breakdown of with the

long-form VSLs, and basically same thing,

I told Gemini, hey, I'm doing the course, like,

I'm working on a long-form copy, I want to do an example in the

financial space, I'm going to upload the transcript from Winning VSL,

come up with a hypothetical offer for the financial space that's kind of similar

to this one, but different enough to be used for teaching purposes,

can you share some ideas, give me some ideas,

like the Digital Iron Curtain, the AI Energy Paradox,

the Genetic Royalty Revolution, I think that was the last one,

And I. I liked this one the most, which was like,

For decades, Big Pharma has made fortunes from one-size-fits-all drugs that treat symptoms but

rarely cure diseases. That entire model is about to become obsolete thanks to a

technological breakthrough. Gene editing and personalized medicine,

a handful of biotech firms have secured patents on the core genetic platforms that

will allow them to create cures for everything from cancer to Alzheimer's.

Owning these patents is like owning the oil reserves of the 21st century. That

means Big Pharma, with its bloated R&D budget, its focus on profitable chronic treatments

over one-time cures, and its army of lobbyists who have suppressed this new technology

for years. The unique mechanism solution,

you don't need to be a scientist to profit. The key is to invest

in the companies that don't sell the drugs themselves, but own the patents and

collect the genetic royalty on every treatment and cure developed using this platform.

This is a backdoor way to profit from the entire biotech revolution without betting

on the success of a single drug trial.

Why it's good. Taps into the universal desire for health and longevity,

and a common distrust of the pharmaceutical industry.

The royalty concept is a powerful and easily understood investment mechanism.

The spokesperson could be a renegade PhD or former FDA scientist who saw the

potential of this technology and it forced this point back.

I was like, cool, can you come up with an example brief that I

can use for a case study? So I did, right? We've got this doctor,

renegade scientist, you know,

know, his personal motivation,

his credibility, target market. So I kind of did some of the brief stuff

here, to be honest with you. Um, which is kind of amazing, to be

honest with you.

I mean,

it kind of has everything, to be fair, it has a lot of what

you would want. And this is about a brief training. Like, I didn't tell

you about the brief. So I did this already I'm like this is it's

actually I mean, but again, this is where AI is incredible for idea generation.

I mean, you could use a prompt like this,

give it a sales letter, what are some other ideas that would be similar?

Maybe you get some cool stuff. I'm not financial. Financial bros might be like,

no, this won't work. I don't know. My biggest

thing would be on compliance side, because we're talking about Alzheimer's,

cancer, and all these sorts of things. But frankly,

in a long VSL, sort of like this genetic royalty.

I actually think it's probably a really interesting idea that could do

well. So don't be jealous if you're a financial person.

Maybe someone already tested it and Google swiped it.

I don't know if they did. So anyway, starting assets,

I basically have that. Which again, to be fair, is a good amount of

the brief. But by the time you get to this video and you watch

the other ones, you should be able to see how powerful this brief generator

is anyway. So this is just me copying and pasting the stuff that's shared,

right? Download this PDF.

I think I did that already. I'm going to save that on my computer.

I know I've done that on that page.

Alright,

so, starting prompt is pretty similar to

the Airbnb one. Right,

generate a new brief for a financial newsletter VSL. I'm attaching a UMP.

Oh yeah, sorry, I have to save this one.

I'm really just attaching,

uh,

a single document really, right?

And I have a UMP. Well, technically there's one in there,

but I would just do, like, in case you didn't have this in depth

of a thing. Uhm,

so I'm attaching a document with additional relevant information.

Please go and get started now, okay? So,

let's go back to our brief generator. Doop.

There's

that. And let's see as

it writes it. I'm probably going to pause while it's writing it,

just so, uh,

you don't have to see it do it.

Alright, so,

we back. I think it's done now. Yep, cool.

Alright, let's see what it did. Okay. Demographics,

age 45, 70, income 75,000 plus,

net worth 250 to 2 million,

not ultra-wealthy, but substantial assets.

College-educated professionals, small business owners, retirees,

U.S.-based, suburban, and rural areas. Concerned about retirement,

security, and preserving wealth. Frustrated with traditional financial advice that hasn't delivered results.

Skeptical of Wall Street and mainstream financial institutions. Self-directed investors who want to take

control of their financial future. Conservative,

but willing to take calculated risks for significant returns.

Value-independence and material thinking. What are their pain points?

Okay, retirement insecurity, inflation erosion,

market manipulation. Secondary pain points,

low returns from traditional investments. Volatility and unpredictability.

Complex financial jargon. Fear of making costly investment mistakes.

Distrust of financial advice. Advisors who seem to profit more than the clients.

Concerned about economic instability and currency devaluation.

Short-term fears. Missing out on current investment opportunities.

Making wrong decisions. Being taken advantage of long-term.

Running out of money. Leaving family financially vulnerable.

Being dependent on government assistance. Losing financial independence.

Big promises. Discover the secret investment strategy that Wall Street doesn't want you to

know about. I mean, this is a little boring and generic,

but it's fine.

Learn how to generate consistent 15-25% annual returns,

regardless of market conditions. I don't know if these are too strong or not.

Probably. Maybe. Uhm,

uncover the hidden opportunities that can multiply your retirement savings by 5-10x.

Get access to the same investment intelligence that billionaires use to protect and grow

their wealth. Find out how to turn economic chaos into your own.

Greatest wealth building opportunity.

Alright, what does it look like when their pain points are solved? I don't

know, you know, by this point, I may have to go through so

much of this in line-by-line detail. I mean, you'll get,

you know, you have access to all these. Here's

the thing, I'm going to tell you financial. You don't actually really need

a mechanism or a 72-hour.

I'm almost wondering,

did I give it the right document? I almost

feel like it did not, for this one specifically,

I'm gonna ask it. I'm gonna

actually

upload

it again.

You, oh, I view you provided a document. Completed,

complete, created a complete newbie from scratch.

It's, it's some of the

legwork for you.

Now

you

just need to,

put that

into the new brief template,

and also fill out the rest of the new

brief template with this

sort of information. Okay,

this is way better. This is making a lot more sense, okay?

So this is why you gotta be, you stand on top of it. So

now it's doing it kind of correctly, right? Short term,

long term.

This is good. Discover how to collect genetic royalties on every cure created for

cancer, Alzheimer's, and more. Learn why the word cure is becoming a real investable

business model for the first time in history. Find out three tiny companies,

which three companies hold the master patents to the medical revolution.

Uncover the FDA policy shift that's breaking big pharma's stranglehold on cures.

See how to turn the end of diseases into the beginning of your wealth.

Oh my gosh, so good. It's probably not very compliant,

but like, it's so good now. It's crazy because this came from Gemini,

right? Okay, this is what I was looking for. You

know, it has a little bit of focus on the health side, but I

do think that's what could make this promo work. You have to do this,

like, nuance, you know. Bye. But like, there's peace of mind

knowing it's working, but also, uhm,

gets me excited about cures and longevity. I mean,

arguably, this is what would make this promo, like, f***** up because it's like,

curing, or curing, preying on people's, like, you know,

dreams and everything, uhm,

but, I'm

not gonna be judgmental here as I talk about this.

It's so good. Genac

Royalties. I know,

just look

at it,

like,

you can

go through

this one on your own, but this is wild. It's super good.

And then, So let's do,

Okay,

I'm gonna

save it and,

uh, Drive,

but I want to do something a little bit crazy.

Indulge me here.

I should have it. Which

one is it? I

want

to see. Alright. To model

off the structure of the Pagora Secret

Trust Fund. Acknowledge

base to write a new VSL

script for the, uhm, for a new, for the new offer

on the brief. Keep

the structure similar. Need to do it over multiple,

multiple, multiple outputs.

Time just prompt me if you run out of space,

and I'll tell you to continue. Let's just see how that goes.

I'm just curious, right? So we have our brief now.

You watched the breakdown, and you read the transcript of that Secret Trust Fund

thing from Agora. Now we have this new brief.

Let's see what it does. Curious.

Curious. Don't

quit on me, Claude. Okay,

so. It

I'm trying to stop it.

I

really liked the opening.

Let's really swipe the structure.

Secret Trust Fund.

Have it be the same length,

almost. Let's have a person

who is immigrant. Uhm,

you

know

what

I'm

saying?

I'm

a medical

nurse. So this is a really direct swipe now.

But, I mean, honestly, like, you could do something,

like, pretty close to this and tweak it and modify it a little bit.

And, like, potentially have yourself a banger.

Like, we know this structure worked. We know the ideas worked.

Like,

you know, if it via Magora,

like, again, it's so directly swiped,

like, the 100-year thing doesn't make sense, right? There's some ideas that would need

to be tweaked or modified. But, like, why would you not be using Cloud

for this? Uhm,

and, I mean, it's still going. I'll share some of the output on this

one just for fun. I'm

just

reading it. It's still writing it. It's crazy.

Well, I like a lot. This is looking excellent. I can see the structure

really following the Secret Trust Fund format closely.

Their initial interviewer approach is working well.

Dr. Vance, as the expert, is compelling. I love how you've adapted the core

concepts to the JAG royalty theme. We'll maintain that authoritative insider

revelation tone. The progression from the hook through the problem identification to the regulatory

shift is very strong. Should I continue the next section to complete the full

VSL? Yes, please.

Please do, exclamation point. I mean,

this is going to be wild. I'm going I'm going

to share it with you guys. Although, f******, it's crazy.

I mean, I would, Again,

you'd have to modify some things. One

of the knocks that RBC won was that, like, you couldn't use it to

write, like, financial copy. Which is,

like, kind of true. But the crazy thing about AI is,

You definitely can now. It's pretty wild.

It's

crazy. I'm going to end this video.

In the next section, I'm going to go into how to set up quad

projects. Thanks. to generate these different VSLs.

So that should be pretty fast. I mean, you've seen examples of them already.

And then the thing to understand is, again, like, once you have the quad

projects, you're taking your brief, you're putting it in, you're giving it commands and

prompts, it pumps stuff out. So we'll come back to some of these examples,

uh, that we've done, uh,

and some new ones, and we'll kind of just go from there.

And then by the way, just as a spoiler, for advertorials,

product pages, those sorts of things, um,

it's like, basically the

same thing. You're just doing, you're just doing quad projects, giving examples,

having relevant information, information,

information, and stuff like, whether that's inputs or briefs or whatever

it is, we'll talk about the distinctions a bit, same thing for upsells,

honestly, same thing for emails, like, all of it is quad projects.

Part of it's just knowing what you're talking about. And so what we've done

so far is like that market awareness and,

you know, the mechanism and your understanding copy. And it's like,

now it's just become super easy to write incredible VSLs.

So, stay tuned.