Hello to everybody coming in here.

I'm gonna give it a another minute or two before I, uh,

before I jump in here.

But I hope everyone's doing well.

Let's see about that.

Ah, cool. So I hope everyone, yeah,

I guess I hope everyone's doing well.

Um, my end, uh, doing pretty, pretty good.

I, uh, actually just took like a nap,

which I don't normally do, but I had a, um, in the middle

of the night like tinnitus, sort of like a,

like a whooshing sound

of my ear from maybe like sciences being messed up.

So, and it was funny

'cause I was just looking at a

Tinnius sales letter with Nick.

Uh, it was part of ca and I, I feel like,

and I got like a tinnitus about, so I'm like,

I if I've always said there's like that Stephen King,

there's like a Stephen King novel to be had

or short story of like the George Response copywriter

who like sells like remedies

but then gets all the things he sells remedies for.

But, um, hopefully, uh, that was just a momentary thing

and not a weird science fiction thing, although,

because I was looking at that sales letter,

we were studying it, I knew it put a sound machine on it

for like white noise and then I was

able to sleep after that.

So we went a nap today.

Anyway, we're gonna talk about

closes of sales letters today.

We'll just look at examples. We'll go through the outline.

Um, talk about kind of any subtle points to be made there.

And that'll be the main thing we do.

Um, after that, some of the things on the radar include,

you know, probably another session on hooks specifically to,

you know, leads where we're gonna look at a session on

short, like, you know, three to five minute VSLs.

We're gonna have a session on, uh, like digital

info type of VSLs.

One on sort of like webinar type of VSLs or,

or like webinar scripts, um, headlines.

We're gonna have a session on AI specifically.

I might even do the AI one pretty soon here.

Um, maybe today I'll talk about that a little bit actually

because it's so, uh, I don't know.

I may see the AI for next week. I might, I might not,

but I think it asked me the most immediate ones we do now.

We've gone through everything structurally,

how to use, ate all of this.

So anyway, I've got a bunch of good stuff planned

and of course we'll, we'll talk about more than just,

you know, vs fellows, but I want to kind

of go really deep over the summer on this.

So that's what we've been doing.

But, um, before we get into the close

and everything, um, as always,

let's take a minute if anyone has any wins you wanna share

from, you know, the last week

or since your last call, I would love to hear that.

You can unmute yourself in share,

put it in chat can be something around, you know,

copy a funnel campaign, uh, what have you.

So if anyone's got anything, I would love to hear.

Hello Stefan. Hey, we have a winning lead.

Nice. Uh, my name is Leones and I work with Tassos.

Nice. Uh, we wrote a lead like, uh, two weeks ago.

Uh, the main idea behind this, behind it, it's a conspiracy

and challenging the prospect to see it.

Only if she can handle it.

Hmm. Which creates curiosity. Hmm.

Right now is our winning lead. Nice.

Uh, I can send a link in the chat if you want to read it.

Yeah, sure. I'd love to. I mean, as long

as you don't mind people seeing it or everything,

but yeah, I mean, I'd love to see it, um, or, you know,

but yeah, it's, um, I'd be curious to look at it real quick.

Yeah, I pull it up 'cause um, there you go.

I like the, uh, and you guys are in the, the,

for everyone else, like, you know, the call the,

the black hair loss space essentially, right?

So, um,

but yeah, let's, which is really,

there's a bunch of interesting stuff there.

Um, in general with like hooks and things.

Um, okay, black hair is in a crisis.

This black hair expert exposes the truth hidden

from you regarding hair loss.

Watch this, only if you can handle it

as a black hair loss expert who has helped thousands

of people stop hair loss.

I always get asked this question,

why is this happening to me?

Well, my intention today is to reveal

how everything is to reveal everything I know.

If I warn you, because the cursive knowledge, uh, be aware

of the cursive knowledge because after you discover the

truth, there's no turning back.

Ignorance is bliss. They say, you see, if you're struggling

with thinning edges, bald spots in the crown area, slow,

slow growth or hair breakage, I assume

that my dermatologist may have told you that's

because of badging bad diet anxiety or tight hairstyles.

Well, I have something to share with you this,

that will break years of generational curses.

And it all comes down to this single statement.

Hair loss was forced on black hair.

I always love this in your guys' videos.

I know you have that in your other leads too.

Kind of that, that idea. Um, according to,

aside from Harvard University, they discovered

actually one in two haircare products advertised

to black women contain harmful chemicals

that are not only linked to hair loss,

but are also linked to obesity, heart disorders,

and many other life threatening conditions.

It's the wonder why black women have lost their

trust in the haircare industry.

Um, and I, I won't, I mean, it's almost over,

but yeah, I like it.

I like the um, I like the conspiratorial angle

and I think it's good because I think it's like,

it's conspiratorial,

but it's like not so like over the top conspiratorial like

that, it just sort of feels like b******t.

It's kind of like, feels like a, like a,

like a breaking report or like an expose or something.

Right. Um, and so,

and I do like the idea of the challenging them, right?

Watch to someone if you can handle it, I think

that's like a, a key line to your point

because then it's sort of a, um, there is curiosity

and there's sort of like, well I can handle it.

You know, people wanna like prove you

wrong by watching it, right.

And then sort of prove the challenge. So, um, yeah.

That's cool. And then I really like

the angle you guys take around.

Um, that,

so let people wanna just show

the waiting room in middle all.

Yeah, I like the angle you guys take too. So cool. Yeah.

That's awesome man. Good con congrats.

That's really awesome to hear that that lead is winning.

Thank you Stefan. Yeah.

Anyone else got a, um, got a win? You wanna share?

I do. Nice. What's up Marie?

How are you? Good, how are you doing?

Good, good. Thank you. I also hope we don't get

that curse that you were talking about.

That would be really bad. We would all be

looking really weird.

Um, so I am super happy

because the VSL that we optimized, you helped us reviewed.

Uh, it's uh, it was converting really bad

and now it's at 1.5% in cold traffic, which

for Latin America is huge.

Like usually we're between

7.7 0.8 and that's big.

So 1.5 is like super awesome. Yeah, that is.

Yeah, I'm excited. And now we just have to fix the a OB.

Hey, that's, that's okay. We can do that.

Yes, that's, that's no problem.

Really wanna do that so we can scale it.

But I'm very happy.

Yeah, that's awesome. And I love it.

And I, and seriously though, 'cause like it's, it's not as

that kind of one thing at a time type of thing.

So like conversion rate. Okay, cool.

Like check that's pretty solid, right?

So now it's like a OV check

and then from there you can't figure out what to do.

But, um, yeah, that's great.

Thank you for, for letting me know.

Thank you. Yes. Anyone else got one you wanna share?

Love it. Great start to the call

going once, going twice.

I'll share. Um, I can't remember if I shared this

more recently or not.

I shared the results of this in the business owner channel

yesterday, but not the team owner channel

because I wanted do it on the call, but it was just a split

test win for the peptide company.

Um, and I may have talked about it before,

but, so it indulged me,

but um, we kind of called it officially.

So we ran this test where we ran, um,

tested a couple different headlines as you'll see here.

Uh, we ran it over 1,182 conversions.

So quite a lot of sales.

And they ran for I think about like 19 days.

We just called it yesterday, see the amount of actual users.

And so testing, um, you know,

just literally just testing

the headline, that was it, right?

So the control headline was lose weight

and stop overeating for prescription

to semaglutide for eptide.

Um, you know, for this, this is like medical weight loss.

So it's like we're very direct, you know, it's not a, um,

especially like meta

and Facebook, it, it is kind of like

you'll talk about headlines more.

That thing I was probably gonna do next week as well.

Um, but um, you know, like, like you don't need curiosity

'cause it's like, so everyone knows what these things are

and they just wanna find them and buy them and, and,

and kind of trust them or available in the US right?

So, um, that was the control.

So we tested these different variants.

Um, I'll show you guys all of them.

So the winner, I'll show you the winner first.

So the winner, uh, down here, uh,

had about a 7.41%, uh, improvement,

which isn't like mind blowing on one hand,

but at the same time difference

between 1.12% conversion rate and a 1.21%.

That actually is pretty significant.

And the whole thought about, you know, CRO type

of stuff is like, uh, you know, which

incremental changes add up, right?

So getting a win of 7% here and then have a few more tests

and you know, you get a wind of another 10%, you get,

you know, 6% here, 15% every now

and then you'll get a random home run.

But it's like next thing you know, it's been like a couple

months and your conversion rate, you know,

is now like at 2% on average and then 2.5%, right?

It's pretty, that's one of the cool things about split tests

and sort of conversion rate optimization, um, is that

it can be iterative as well.

And it's also crazy though when

you think about the headline change.

So again, if the control was this one,

which again I think I've shared on calls,

but just to kind do a final analysis of it

before we jump into closes.

Um, and I wrote that one just sort of,

uh, you know, off the fly.

So the winner was preview for it.

I'm gonna make a bigger so you all can see better preview.

Um, so, uh,

take control of your weight loss journey, reduce cravings

and achieve lasting results with some eglu ide.

So literally like the only big difference

close up side by side of the other one.

So that way, uh,

so you lose weight

and step overeating with prescription to some

of glut tide tirzepatide take control

of your weight loss journey, reduce cravings

and achieve lasting results with some

of glut tide tirzepatide.

So you know what, why is that headline maybe better?

I mean, the idea of taking control

and empowering somebody, you know, might be part of it.

Um, achieve lasting results.

I think that might be a big phrase. There.

Again, I don't, I don't know

because it's like, you know, we have to, um,

you know, for testing, right?

I mean we, we know the test one, we don't know why exactly.

Um, but you know, it's really not that different.

But I think, you know, and I guess reduce cravings.

So I don't know, something about reducing cravings

and achieving lasting results.

I think that's something that really stuck

with people and then taking control.

Um, but it's interesting. This is why you have to test.

'cause I actually liked the third variation the most,

which did not win.

In fact, these other two were, you know,

wor they stopped this one early

'cause it was just by far the worst.

This is variation two.

So I'll show you guys that one real quick

preview and open it.

This one just said, say goodbye to overeating

and stubborn weight safely, reduce appetite

and lose weight with a prescription to some glu appetite.

So, you know, I don't know, like why was

that like, you know, significantly worse.

I mean, it says weight twice.

I kind of don't like saying the same word twice in like a

headline complex, but, um,

safely reduce appetite and lose weight.

I don't know, it was too wordy. Too many concepts.

Say goodbye to over eating a stubborn weight safely,

reduce appetite and lose weight.

I'm not sure. And then, uh, this one I actually kind

of thought was gonna be the best one, but it wasn't.

Um, and I'll share, uh, that,

uh, lose 15% of your weight on average in the first year,

lose weight and keep it off of prescription

to semaglutide or zebot.

I kind of thought the 15% lose 15%

of your weight on average in the first year.

I kind thought that might might be the winner

because it's so specific, right?

Um, and that's based off of like studies and things.

So I like, to me, I thought that was like,

oh, I bet that one's gonna win.

When I first saw the proposed headlines to split test, um,

and again, I thought that lose

50% of your weight on average.

So why was take control

of your weight loss journey reduced cravings

and achieve lasting results?

I don't know. But that's why it's interesting to test.

And it is crazy, right? I mean you look at the,

there's like the whole, you know, page here.

Um, I mean it's not super long lander.

We have ads in front of it

obviously, but it is kind of crazy.

It still always blows my mind a little bit that

really just changing the headline, you know,

and it gets you that boost.

And again, there's, it is not like the margin is not like

insane, but the amount of sales is over.

This thing was leading for quite a long time.

Um, I mean first it wasn't, again,

I don't think I can show the sort of history of this,

but like if you look at, um, think revenue

visitor is basically the same.

'cause it's commoditized, right?

So it's really about conversion rate.

Um, yeah, I keep gonna ask the guys for,

I dunno if I can see, I dunno where to see it.

But basically you can see like a, um, like where, like

where the tests sort of like are, are visually represented,

but basically like by the time this test was about halfway

through, this one was winning, it kept winning.

So that's what the, over a long period of time.

So if you talk about like metrics for CRO, right?

It's not just like they wanted to get to about an 85% chance

to win, but they also have a dog saying go

crazy, a timeframe rate.

And so with the timeframe, um,

that's what made it a valid test.

So anyway, that was a cool one to, to share.

I saw people couple things in,

in chat someone wanted to see here.

Um, yeah, I showed the variations that did be the control.

Nick. I think reduced cravings is the core promise

behind GLP one injection.

So it may be an expectation match.

I see that, um, Monie

and social media have noticed that when they talk about

zenbeck, they always refer to cravings.

Maybe that resonates more way less journey may also be more

congruent with how women think about losing weight today.

Tassos, the 15% feels kind of repetitive on lose weight.

Um, thanks a keep phrase.

Turn through around on TikTok a lot. I I'm sure, thanks.

Oh, that's the journey.

Yeah, those are all good observations.

I think that all that all makes a lot of sense.

Um, but yeah, I mean, so anyway,

I thought it was super interesting and this was cool.

Again, we have some other tests. I can't remember if I

mentioned those on the last call too.

I do wanna get into closes. I want,

I hopefully you guys think it's

interesting when I share this stuff.

Um, I think I mentioned it

and our traffic took a hit, uh,

last week all our ads went down.

I think I mentioned that. And then we're starting

to get back up, like, but we're still doing well

because of all the rebuilds we had,

but, um, new sales were down.

And then I'm, I'm not sharing my screen right now,

but we're, we're starting to scale back up a little bit.

We'll be, you know, by the end of this week should be solid.

But the next test we're doing,

did I show this one yesterday with the FAQs and stuff?

I think I did. Or last week.

Basically there's one where it's the headline

and the FAQ is right after.

And, uh, that's what we're sort of, uh, testing next.

And we have a bunch of other tests. So I'll keep,

I'll keep sharing you with you guys

and gals every time a test, uh, you know,

as these tests go up, what we're

testing, what the results are.

And, um, you know, I don't know, I think that's kind

of a nice perk of this program.

And, and one of the things I like is being super, uh,

we're super active and in the trenches and stuff.

'cause it's like, not just random s**t that's like, oh,

this worked five years ago.

It's like, oh, I'm literally, we're doing this thing right

now for a company that's doing several

million dollars a month, right?

And growing. So, all right, sweet.

Let's talk about, uh, closes that got deleted. That's fine.

All right, so last part of the sort

of overall sales letter

outline we've been talking about here.

Um, I already had that order.

So structure, you know, as a review,

you look at a really basic structure in general of the hook

and micro lead, lead background discovery, the UMP

or UMS product buildup and reveal closed and then faq.

So what about FAQs today as well?

But FAQs are, uh, you know, pretty basic.

And I've got my kind of outline here.

I thought we actually had a really good call last week

for those of you who were there, watch the replay.

Um, and I thought it was really interesting,

like the observations that we talked about with like,

essentially one of the things I said,

I'm make this smaller actually, so I can demonstrate.

My point is how, for those of who weren't on the call,

I didn't watch the replay two refreshers.

One is we talked about

how we actually don't really want somebody to finish our

VSL, right?

Like, it's sort of like our expectations should be

that they're not finishing the VSL.

And so if we think about that, then like the crescendo

is really gonna be the first call to action,

which is here in the close, which we're gonna go

through the close structure in a minute.

Um, now of course that doesn't mean we just give up

after that first call to action, but,

but it does mean is basically everything else

after that first call to action is like, we're free rolling.

We're, we're sort of taking more shots

to get them to buy, right?

And so that's a really interesting way of framing it

or thinking about when you, going back to even the length

of VSLs when people worry about like, oh, it's

so long or whatever.

Um, you know, once you get to the close, you know,

I don't personally really care about the length as much.

And we also talked, you know, talked about this last week

as well, where we're talking about sort of like

what percentage of the sales letter

should each of these sections be, right?

Like I talked about how really no section

should be particularly long.

You know, the UMP is often one of the longer sections,

but really the close should always be

the longest section because,

and the reason why, it goes back to what I just said,

which is that if you're building up everything to

that first call to action, once you have that first call

to action, at that point, just the length no longer matters.

It's like in the, I've been reading a lot about physics

and quantum physics and, and whether time is real or not,

and essentially time suspends

after this, you know, first call to action,

like time now does not matter

or exist as far as we're concerned, right?

Pacing is much more important, uh,

before the first call to action than after it.

So time is distorted

or dil dilated the dilation of time

for anyone who's a a physics nerd.

Um, so let's kinda talk through this

and then I'll actually look at specific examples

and, um, I'll, I'll probably do two.

I'll do one or maybe three,

but we'll see one, at least one physical one, one info.

Um, and we'll kinda look at how they compare and contrast.

Okay? Uh, so once you get to the close, right?

As we, we, we, we went over this last week, you know,

and finally, product is born, right?

Product details, like what's included,

um, you know, what makes it special?

'cause now you just introduce a product.

So you gotta be like, all right, here's the product.

It's a system, it's this, you know, uh,

breakthrough supplement formula.

It's this incredible device, it's whatever, right?

Um, and as of always, by the way, these things don't have

to be in perfect order,

but these are generally the elements you want

to see generally, okay?

Um, there alternatives, right?

So it's like, of course, uh, you know, that's not

to say there aren't other options.

There's, you know,

but unlike other supplements that are full of sketchy,

you know, uh, generic ingredients from overseas

or, you know, unlike other training systems

that were created by people who have not scaled a business

to eight figures

or started a drop shipping company or whatever it is, right?

Like, um, you know, basically like,

uh, this is different, right?

You know, like those things, like

basically the alternatives suck.

'cause, you know, we've already kind

of dismissed the alternatives before we get here,

but we still wanna do it again.

Um, you know, they can't compare it to this product.

Remember, this product does all these incredible

things, right?

If you've got additional

testimonials, you know, usually they'll go in here.

Sometimes those testimonials will come

before the clo, the, the right

before the product details as well.

But generally, more testimonials is better.

Um, how to use the product,

that's actually a really important one, I think.

Like, especially, um, if it's not obvious, even

for supplements where it's like, you know, just put,

take one scoop each day

and put it in your water, have it in the

morning or at night like you used to.

You, you try to eliminate any confusion

or lack of clarity, lack, you know,

typically like a scarcity is, it comes back to like, um,

you know, demand is like, that's why this has become

so popular, right?

Ev people are all over the country or the world

or are, you know, getting their own copy of this,

getting their hands on this, whatever it is.

Um, and you know, whatever scarcity you can put in,

you know, ethically or, or whatnot, um, you wanna have,

typically you'll see, you know,

which is why I could charge way more money.

I actually honestly feel like this could be a slightly,

I know you're gonna laugh that I'm gonna change the order

here, but if I'm just, 'cause it doesn't,

I'm gonna switch it.

I'm gonna switch the order of one thing here.

I'm put this part here I think

makes more sense to do it that way.

Um, you know, and given all that, right?

And everything's more expensive, um, you know,

I could have charged a lot more, right?

But this isn't about money usually

as like a personal mission to help people.

It's tied to something more altruistic, right?

People ask, well, isn't that b******t?

It's like, not, not if you do it the right way.

I feel like you can't, like, like if I, when I'm writing

for my own stuff, let's say, which is like informational

or I'm not really selling, like, I'm not trying

to be a, a guru so to speak.

And I'm not really selling much of info products or anything

besides basically just see

a pro and physical products, right?

I, I copy, which is the whole idea.

There's like, just give away tons of s**t

for like extremely low value.

Um, and sort of just like destroy other gurus, like

who won't do that, right?

Um, but like, you'll often be like, yeah,

of course I wanna make money, but also I seriously can't,

you know, do like, even for Cop Sarah Pro for example, if I,

you know, do another push of of trying

to roll more people into Cop Sarah Pro, I would be like,

like I really can't do feedback

for that many more people, right?

Like, I, like love we're at now.

I could probably add, you know, a few more members

and do feedback, but I really couldn't like,

double the program or wouldn't want to.

Or if I did, I'd have to like get a ton of, um, you know,

probably get other coaches or other a-list copywriters,

which they had to find the right one.

And there would be a huge, you know, undertaking.

And so, you know, realistically, you know,

that's why I can only enroll like five

or 10 more people join or something like that.

Businesses join, right?

So I think, um, you know, it's sort

of like you can be like, I really wanna help people.

Like I'm doing this 'cause like, I'm passionate about it.

I'm also doing it 'cause I love making money.

Um, but the point being with the scarcity side

of it's like you can still say like, well, you know, like,

and I think you tie all those things together.

Um, it doesn't have to be unbelievable, right?

Um, so you can be truthful, like I'm doing it

to make the world a better place and to make money,

but it can only, you know, helps so many people.

Um, you know, and then usually

there's like a price anchor green, right?

Like, well, this could be worth whatever amount

of money could be worth, you know, uh,

given all these ingredients and the processes and,

and you know, how clean everything is

that we put in our, our products.

Like, you know, we could easily charge 149 retail,

but, you know, say you're able to get the product

for just six, $9 for a bottle

or like, given, you know, how valuable this information is

and how systematized it is and how, you know, you can plug

and play this in and, and start achieving whatever result.

Like make money, lose weight, whatever.

Uh, you know, and for the next 30 days, like if I, you know,

some people out there are charging like $50,000

or, you know, $15,000,

but I'm actually gonna

be offering to you for a lot less than that.

In fact, today it'll just be $997, right?

Um, and then for anything kind of physical

or if there's different packages, uh, you'll often say,

and you know, you'll save even more money when you get

the biggest package, right?

Whether that's like a, like the gold package

for saying informational or, um, you know, like, like the,

the six bottle package or whatever it is,

which is like the smart decision.

That's what most people would do. So I would

say smart people buy more.

Uh, you know, so go ahead

and click the button below right now, right?

Choose your package, pick the gold package,

pick the six ball package

or whatever package is right for you.

Um, and you know, get started today, right? Call to action.

So we did all of this and then it's not that much more here.

So I'll go through the rest and we'll look at examples.

'cause I know it's weird when I'm just, I see it

all visually because I've done it so many times.

Maybe some of you are like, yeah, some of you are like,

I'm struggling to follow.

But examples will help a lot right

after they click the button, you know, if you add bonuses,

I usually do them right there.

'cause again, all we're doing now is like we told you,

click the button and you didn't, right?

So, okay, well by the way,

we mentioned we got these amazing bonuses, right?

Uh, by the way, when you choose, you know,

the big packages today are no matter what,

your order also comes

with these incredible sort of special gifts.

I'm gonna share with you this gift,

this gift, this gift, right?

Whatever. Um, and then, you know,

you could probably just sneak in.

The other thing too is like you honestly,

you can't really go wrong with to make call to actions.

So realistically, if I was writing,

I might do like another call to action after this one

and then be like, and of course your order also comes with,

you know, the guarantee, right?

Because the guarantee is really important.

You know, you're gonna probably have a great experience

if you don't no problem.

You know, give you your money back, whatever it is, right?

So go ahead and click the button right now, uh, and buy.

So now you've got like, you know, another call to action.

And then typically if we're doing real classic for close

kind of ends with what you would call like, uh,

like a crossroads close, right?

Like right now you got two choices.

Choice one is in action, right?

You go on suffering, uh, life doesn't change.

You're still in the same place you were before.

Option two is that you can take action today, you know,

change your life and the choice is yours,

but you really gotta hurry up.

You know, this is the end. There's no guarantee

how long this video will be up.

This presentation will be up, whatever it is, you know,

go ahead, click the button now, um, you know,

order by whatever.

And then you thank that we're watching, right?

And then the very last thing is just sort of your FAQs

where you're kind of like, you know,

answering common questions

and you end the FAQs with a, a last call to action.

One, one note on tone.

And again, then we'll go look at these examples on FAQs.

And actually, I remember this was like 10 or 12 years ago,

and sorry, Laura's over here trying

to herd the dog who's sitting by me

'cause she's trying to bring 'em out so that he doesn't bark

and disrupt our call again.

But I remember her, uh, Colin Rio, who has like the call

of copy or did, and I, I haven't, I haven't talked to

that guy in a really long time, and I sort of,

I'm completely awesome kind of about him.

Like I, I think he has a good group and he is smart,

but like I I, he wrote, I whatever I, I'm not,

I don't think he's like a, a legendary

copywriter, but he is a smart guy.

And I mean, one of the things he said back in the day was

kind of like, I think he had an outline

and he talked about the FAQ that you're going back to being

the kind of the prospect or the customer's friend.

And so that's kind of an interesting, uh,

thing to keep in mind as well, right?

Because as you get further into like these call to actions

and you've already, you know, you kind of like

where we can revealed that you're trying to,

that you want them to buy, um,

and you told 'em to buy, you're sort of like increasing

and ratcheting up the pressure a bit here, right?

I mean, depending on the level of aggression

and your business and your brand

and you know, a lot of factors, you know,

you might be like super aggressive

of like, what are you doing?

Like everything's gonna fall apart if you don't buy, right?

The hard sale, like the, the timeshare salesman or woman

or, you know, you might be kind of like, matter what,

like really you should click now, you know, like, hey,

but you're still kind of really trying to like, uh,

you know, you're trying to make that sale,

but FAQs, like the tone typically changes

and say back to being their

friend, they're like, Hey, you still there?

Like, yeah, I get it. You know what I mean?

And, and you sort of like, there's

like a vibe shift that happens.

And um, to be quite honest, you,

I don't know if it's actually even like,

I guess why wouldn't you would, it wouldn't make sense

to still be in hardcore sales

mode while you're answering questions.

Um, you could test me it that way,

but typically you go back to being a little

bit more friendly.

So that's the outline.

Let's go, we'll look at it in person in a second here.

I, um, I know there's a few things in the chat,

so I'll look at those in a second too.

Lemme see what I happened there. Um,

those CTAs have a lot of gravity to them.

Do you use the how to increase A OV?

Have you noticed where most clicks happen in the close?

My main concern with closes, so people click before the CTA

and before the lines increase the a OV Yeah.

To ask. So, so for things

with the, I'll ask you that one first.

Um, well, I mean, won't have to, I

guess the CTAs have a lot of gravity.

Yeah, they do. I think, um,

if we're talking about physics especially, um,

but Tasso to your point, um,

yeah, I mean I typically would like wait

to reveal the button until that first ct.

I, I think it's that you just have to test

because I, I'll be honest with you,

there's a really big trade off I think that can happen.

Um, like I've seen this with certain people, like

for example, in the ClickBank world, let's say, right?

Where they, um, it's so competitive there

and stuff that people need like really big AOVs

and stuff to, not for the affiliates,

but so they can make enough money and margins.

So they'll, they'll like go so hard on

selling the six ball package and, and just like on

and on about the six ball package

and basically just talking s**t about any package

that isn't like a one bottle package.

Um, you know, all that kind of stuff.

And so I kind

of like, I know one company that does this a lot

that's like a big publisher

but hasn't had a big offer, uh, in a while.

And I just sort of wonder if like that f***s 'em, right?

Because they're so focused on that A OV,

which I get on one hand,

but it's like if you're sort of not even having call

to actions until like, instead of here it's like, you know,

there's a bunch of more s**t about the A OV

and then like your first call to actions like down here.

Is it like, you know, sure your AOV is great, probably.

I'm sure every VSL they have the AOV is great, actually.

I pretty much know that's true. But like

conversion rate sucks so much that affiliates won't,

you know, promote it then it doesn't really matter, right?

Um, and so

classically I would put the call to action, um,

you know, basically where I have it here, kind

of smart people will buy more, you'll,

you'll, you'll get a bigger savings.

So basically where smart people will buy more, it'd be like,

you know, you're actually getting even bigger savings.

Like, you know, when you buy the six month package

or three month package, that's perfect.

You know, the six month package is the best bet

because people will keep, you know, coming back to get more.

We can run outta stock. Like, uh, you know,

the longer you use it, the better.

And so that's why, but I would do it like a couple senses

and that's why, you know, instead of $69 per, uh,

meal bottle, when you get the six month package,

which is the best deal, what our smartest customers buy,

it's just $49 per package, right?

So go ahead and get started now by clicking the Bundy C

below pick whatever pack the six month package

or whatever package is best for you.

You know what I mean? I would probably like

do it kind of like that.

So like this is where like a few more senses would kind

of like be in play on this.

Um, but I would, you know, I I I would look, I mean I, I,

again, I I thought about that even like, um, a couple other

offers from back in the day where like, um, at my agency

and we did two things, we, well, so one was with uh,

Cody Bramlet, I did, um,

something called Bio Harmony, right?

Bio Harmony, it was like a weight loss offer.

I think he still runs it. Um,

and Chris Wright wrote it, great copywriter.

Um, I always, the things I've

seen and write have been really good.

Um, you know, convert extremely well was one of the reasons

that Cody went from like

Cody's business was doing 4 million.

We basically partnered 50 50

and went to like 18 million in a year, right?

Um, and uh, you know, the,

but the close was not my a OV money close.

It was very like sort of a different, I still fought a lot

of the structure, but it was like call

to actions very quickly and stuff like that

and just sort of got right to it.

And I think that the thing converted extremely well.

Now the A OV was lower, right?

So then I went in and kind of added different stuff

to get the A OV up and it and it worked.

I think we went from like a one 40 to like a 180 A OV, which

for weight loss at the time was not bad.

Um, but it did make me think about that too, where I'm like,

I wonder if sometimes you just test it with like the a OV is

so important, but kind I was talking about

moni like at the beginning of this call.

I do wonder if sometimes about how important it is

to be so a OV obsessive at the beginning versus like,

let's just get it converting

and then there's all we can do to get the a OV

up as a second step.

And again, I think there's a balance. I think you can still

say what I just said about like,

six months supply is the best option, right?

Or the biggest package. Like here, you know,

a couple sentences of why go ahead.

But that versus like really trying to add a ton of copy

that makes it like super extended

before you get to the call to action.

Um, that's kinda what I would look at.

And then the, the, the second part of that is

that Chris wrote another letter for the agency called Lift

Factor, which was like an anti-wrinkle,

instant wrinkle remover, which had an ingredient

that basically, you know,

temporarily eliminates super appearance of wrinkles

and like basically five minutes.

So it was like a great product.

Um, that thing also question did like, you know,

multiple eight figures

for the offer owner guy Tom who's her client, um,

and kind of a similar thing there.

Exactly. So, so it was like, I think there's a trade off

to those things is what I'm trying to say.

Um, and Foto asked, if you're not sure about

how much you'll price the product,

do you keep the price blind in the VSL?

Just talk about the special deal.

They'll see when they click.

I mean, I basically just still write it.

I would just pick a price and then just like talk about the

value and then just, um, you know,

I can switch it out if you did any math,

you just change the math after, you know,

but I mean, I wouldn't really, I wouldn't

rewrite the clothes to make it weaker.

I would just sort of like just put

in a price, you know what I mean?

Um, I mean one, you know,

one trick, uh, a trick I learned back at the beginning early

on rain copy is like whatever the price

is right of the product.

If you sort of add a zero to that number in your head, um,

it can change it a lot, right?

And so the concept that, let's say that, you know,

a single bottle of $69 for a supplement thing, right?

Or $49, well if you pretend it's uh, $490,

would that change how you try to sell it in the clothes?

Would you go harder? Would you be like, man, I really need

to convince somebody that they need to get this.

Would I really, right? And so that's a psychological trick.

Um, you know, even for like a $9 product

or $7 product, well with $70, you know, essentially the,

the goal is it makes you just go a little bit harder.

So you just psychologically, you know, you add a a zero

to the price in your head and um, you know, it'll kind

of help you maybe have more urgency

and more, uh, gravitas speaking

of gravity in what you're selling.

So let's pull up, uh,

some examples here.

Um, what do I do first?

Sorry, this is a Beverly Hills MD pinch test, the format.

And this one was a little weird. I didn't have time

to have AI format it 'cause it took the nap so that I,

because I was like not functioning.

Um, but I think it should still be overall fine.

Um, so I did format that one section we looked at

which the product built and reveal

and we'll kind of go from there, right?

So this is for like a skincare thing, you know, uh,

we give the name Beverly Hills MD Dermal Repair Complex

because it quite literally works to repair the appearance

of agents' skin of every dose

by the time we could only produce this

formula in very small batches.

Uh, so for the, so, so we can see both this and this.

So one more second guys, let's to see

where it matches and where it doesn't.

Okay. Um, so,

uh, so for the first few years we were only able to share it

for a small handful of clients, but the first people we

offered it to were Linda and Jo and Joanne.

In fact, we sent them a complete six month supply for free

as a way of thanking them for

inspiring his incredible discovery.

And you'll be what happened? Wait, did I, sorry,

I'm making a, this part may have been before the close here.

Gimme a second. Let's talk about Linda's reaction.

Sorry, I should have this more prepared on this one.

I have some other ones we can look at. I just saw this would

be a good one 'cause going hippos copy.

So solid usually. Um,

so it's kinda go through testimonials here.

So you're saying like, you know, emails I began getting, um,

which is kind of talked about where you could do it

before the kind of official close.

Um,

let's see here.

Professional changer, what consequences formula we have the

to do it current.

You know what, maybe a bad example.

So I may have f****d up by trying to choose this example.

I should have formatted it and looked at before.

So let's actually do like a new

or whatever said is that, uh, there, it's, it's funny,

I have like a thousand examples where it does it perfectly.

So I decided to pick one that I didn't look at.

So I'm sorry. Um,

I think neuros was interesting though

'cause we talked about this, uh, yesterday, kind of like

where it was like, um, or I say last week where it was like,

um, even though this thing's a pretty short script, right?

A big chunk of what they have is the close, right? Um,

and so essentially like, hey,

like introducing my brain child,

the neuro NMES foot massager.

So let's go back to the, uh, closed structure here.

Yeah, product is born.

Okay, so see if they,

we'll see what they fall and they don't fall.

The neuro nm ES foot massager fully harnesses the power

of neuromuscular electrical stimulation technology,

which helps to relieve swelling, stiffness,

and pain in your legs, calves, ankles and feet.

It's made from a special soft rubber designed

for optimal electrical conductivity,

enhancing its effectiveness and com comfort.

So if we just had the, um, like the introducing the product,

here's the product details, right?

Uh, if you look a little closer on the mat,

it has these little lines in the shape of your feet.

These little lines are not only there

to are are not there only to show you where

to place your feet, although that's

helpful information as well.

These lines are made of special silver

and carbon threads, which are great conductive elements.

This allows 'em to create pathways for electrical currents

to penetrate into the muscle tissues of your feet and legs.

From the moment you put your feet on the neuro NMES foot

massager, you'll immediately feel powerful electrical

impulses spreading through your feet and legs.

These impulses penetrate deep into your muscle tissue

mimicking muscle contraction.

This rhythmic contraction

and relaxation of muscle tissue pushes the

pulled blood up from your legs.

There are several clinical studies investigating the

efficacy of MES technology, managing the symptoms associated

with EMA and the interest in this area is increasing rapidly

every day with consistent use.

The neuro S foot massage,

you can help stimulate your blood circulation

and your entire lower body, which can help reduce swelling

and stiffness and allow your legs

to function normally without limitations.

No more struggling to find shoes that fit comfortably.

No more shame because your legs

and feet look like two balloons.

No more pain and discomfort that

keeps you trapped in your own body.

I'm telling you right now, there's not a single aspect

of your life that won't improve once you start stimulating

the vein valves in your calves, your work life,

your social life, heck, even your marriage,

everything's better when you're not held back by edema.

Pain in the swine and all it takes is 15 minutes

per day to notice the difference.

I would go as far as to say that they'll feel,

you'll feel the difference the very first time you try it.

Your legs will feel better than they have felt in your now

the best part, setting it up is the breeze

as easy as 1, 2, 3.

So we'll talk through the what all

that just was a lot future pacing,

but kind like the how to use the

product part right here, right?

First place your feet on the special rubber footpad.

Next, turn the device on by pressing the on button,

then select from six available modes

and 19 intensity levels.

Then sit back and enjoy 15 minutes of bliss and relief.

By the end, your legs will feel much lighter

and the swim will go away for a while.

Trust me, you will not just use it once a day.

I guarantee you, once you get taste of how good it feels,

you'll have the device on constantly.

Like my mom, this is sort of, I would count on the mom

as almost like a little testimonial, right?

Um, she used it for swollen legs at least three times

a day and she absolutely loves it.

She barely leaves the house without it.

There's, that's another benefit.

The hero NMAS foot massager,

or it's supposed to call, was

intentionally designed to be super compact.

Just fold it up. So going back to like more value, right?

We keep the value somehow it works slash value, right?

But it's like super compact.

Just fold it, put in your purse or bag

and take it with you everywhere you go, it's a real ally

that will follow you wherever you go.

Imagine finally regain control of your life.

Again, imagine feeling confident in your own body

and being proud, not ashamed of your feet and legs.

I will also say you better get used

to getting weird looks even from your close friends.

But listen, don't worry about it.

It can be intimidating for them to see you suddenly happy,

confident and comfortable in your own skin.

And that feeling, that feeling is priceless.

And that's the kinda result that I want you to experience.

The neuro N-E-M-E-S foot massagers already changed the lives

of thousands of people struggling

with edema, pain and swelling.

And it can change yours too. Just think about for a second,

how much is getting faster

relief from swelling your legs worth?

How much is enjoying every moment

of life that little bit more worth?

How much is waking up every day in the morning

and feeling confident in your body worth

500, a thousand, 2000?

Uh, well I have good news for you all.

This can now be experienced for nowhere near this price.

And even though many other industry specialists told many

charge at least $400, I refuse.

This isn't about money for me.

So if you go back to like sort of um, you know,

it didn't really call other solutions,

but wow, you know, the price

anchoring I guess you would say, right?

How much are other things like costing, like what would it,

you know, normally cost, um,

and how much can this change your life, right?

Uh, and then sort of like, well here's a bunch of money.

I should probably put the price anchor thing in here

specifically, but um, you know,

this is about money for me, right?

Like you're not gonna get, you're gonna get

for way less money than that today, right?

Um, why like,

because again, personal mission, this is about hundreds

of thousands of individuals who could benefit

from this device, including you.

All I care about is gain this device into

as many people's hands as possible,

as I know their lives can drastically improve.

I won't add a massive markup to this product

as most in the health industry do.

The last thing I want is for the price to stand in the way

to show that everyone in need has a chance

to get their hands on a neuros foot massager.

My team know this.

I decided to run a special offer that's only available

through this link by clicking link below this video.

You'll be taken to a massive, to a special offer page

where you can get your very own neuro massager at a massive

50% discount.

This is the lowest price that we'll ever offer.

We won't find this offer on our spec official website.

It's only available through the link below the video.

Now why do they not say the price?

Because this is a Facebook ad.

Remember, this is an in feed Facebook ad, so

that's why they're not sharing the price.

I also don't know how hard they go on selling

multiple foot massagers on their landing page.

If they do, um, I would actually probably have them

consider doing a, you know, a little bit

of like an even bigger discount when you do

what smart people do when you get

more than one device, right?

I actually would probably say that's an opportunity for them

to increase their a OB by putting something in here, right?

So talking about that. So click the link now

and get your very own neuro ous foot

massager while we still have some left.

We've been working around the clock

to create enough neuro ous,

foot massages cover the overwhelming demand,

and I hate to admit it, but

we were currently failing at that, right?

So now we're kind of building up that scarcity like we

talked about, you know, right here, right?

Um, the demand is simply growing too fast

and the neuro MES foot massager is already

going viral on social media.

The word is spreading quickly every day over a thou a

hundred thousand individuals

struggling with pain is swelling.

Come to our website looking for

affordable solutions at work.

At this very moment as you're watching this video,

we have almost 1000 people live shopping on our website

that makes our stock run out quickly

every time we get a new shipment.

Now, if you're seeing this video, it means

that we probably have some massagers left in stock,

otherwise we've taken this video down,

but unfortunately we cannot guarantee for how much longer

we may sell it tomorrow or even today.

So stocking up is a smart option.

So they're kinda doing the a OB stock up thing here, right?

Um, if I were them, like I said, I might've probably done

that right around like the initial, you know, 50% call

to action, which I probably should highlight

that in more detail too, right?

So here's your first call to action, right?

Click here, go to page get for 50% off, right?

So that's sort of like the first time we're seeing that, uh,

really direct call to action number one, right?

Um, we kinda immediately saying this is the best price.

You know, they come right to another one here.

To me, that's where I said you kind of can't go wrong

with like too many call to actions once we're in the close.

Like I think people make a mistake by sort

of having too few call to actions normally.

And so the outline's sort of a, a guideline,

but like right again, right here, now they're sort

of doing their sort of a OV thing here, right?

Scarcity, urgency stocking is a smart option.

Um, and lemme be clear,

the neuro ES foot massager will never

cost less than this again.

And so only available online as we don't want middlemen

and stores that give the prices.

Many people end up buying two or three

because the more you get,

the bigger the discount you receive.

So smart people buy more, right?

They put it down here, but we still have it and that's

because we save around $20

and we ship multiple products in the same box

and we are happy to share those savings with you.

You could surprise your partner or family member

or friend if they're suffering from similar problems,

it'll be the best gift of their life.

But even if you only get one, it's,

you'll still get a fantastic deal.

See, I personally like this,

and this also goes back to where I think some people get

so a OV focused that they sort of s**t on just getting one

and it's like, I'd rather just get the customer

and like, I don't wanna like encourage 'em to get one,

but like I don't want to also go

so hard on the six bottle one that if somebody gets like,

feel s****y about getting one or they feel bad

or they don't convert, right?

Um, that's my, that's a philosophical thing,

but just so you know, I actually really like this line

for that reason, right?

Um, I'm convinced the moment you try the neuromas foot

massager that you'll fall in love with it instantly.

But you still may be wondering, well,

if the device doesn't work for me, well,

you know, obviously what are we doing?

We're getting down to like the guarantee, right?

Um, I think that's a very fair question

and it's saying important to ask because as, as excited

as you may be about saying yes, you may also be nervous

and I totally get it, which is why I wanna take all the

risks off your shoulders and put it squirrelly on my own.

So here comes the really crazy part.

You don't even have to decide today.

You have 90 days to test the product completely risk free.

Yes, you heard me, right? Each massager comes

with a 90 day trial period.

I'd probably say like, I dunno if I say trial

'cause it's a negative connotation by the way.

'cause like some people think about trials like,

or it's an auto bill, right?

Um, this means that you have a full 90 days to experiment

with the neuromas foot massager and see how well it works.

If it works as advertised, you're welcome to keep it

and use it forever to battle foot pain,

swelling, and stiffness head on.

But for any reason you're not happy with the purchase

and you feel like there are better solutions out there,

just let us know anytime in the next 90 days

and we'll refund your, every you, every penny you paid.

It doesn't matter if it's 89 minutes

or eight, nine days after the purchase.

It's a cool line. I like that line too.

Our customer service team at Neuro will make sure you only

pay if you're a hundred percent in love with the product.

In any other case it's on us. Fair enough.

We're available literally twenty four seven,

both via email and phone.

You can call us at it's number

or email at support@neurous.com.

Another thing I do like is like with the,

within the guarantee section, making it very, um,

very clear like, uh, that you know where

to contact if you have a good customer support.

I think that really alleviates a lot of concern.

So I always like that, right?

You can message us on Facebook, we're going

to get back to you within minutes, right?

That's confidence. You're setting a lot of confidence there.

Uh, so go ahead and click the button below

and try your neuro foot massager now with next to no risk.

The only risk is the possibility of pain or regret

because the pain is flowing won't go away by themselves.

Click the button below now, right? Love it.

Just again, um, you'll be taken to a special offer page

where you can claim your very own neuro ous foot massager.

By the way, this seems pretty repetitive, right?

But it's like when I went back to about the free

rolling, who cares?

They told me to click the button like five or six times now.

So at this point, like just whatever,

just keep telling 'em to click the button, right?

You owe it to yourself and

your loved wants to give it a shot.

You can turn things around, you can get the relief

that you've been looking for, and you can get your old life

back and enjoy the future free of pain and swelling.

My many of my patients have already done it.

You can do it too. All you need is a little assistance from

the finest pain relief device that I know exists our own

neuro s foot massager.

So click the link below this video,

select your favorite bundle of one, two, or three units

and I'll see you on the other side, the other side

where pain and swelling are things of the past.

Click the button below. So for them,

for the crossroads close, because you can remember this

whole script is like, I forget how long,

it's like 12 minutes or 14 minutes.

So this is like a sort of mid length VSL,

which is why it doesn't have

every element of the close here.

Um, but even like this sort of like, where was it?

The um, the way risk is the possibly pain.

This is sort of like a miniature, a single line around

almost that crossroads thing of,

of like two different future states, right?

One future state where you've relieved your pain point,

another future state where you know you're filled

with regret because you

didn't relieve your pain point, right?

Um, so that's kind of like, you know, your choices here,

but obviously a lot of urgency.

So if you look through again what we just looked at,

it has like most of the, uh, elements still,

it doesn't really, I think they, I mean they kind

of dismissed the alternatives earlier on

before the close for those of you who remember as we've gone

through this where I said like, you know,

I found this NMS device,

but a lot of the ones I found were sort of s****y

or expensive.

So, you know, I still in a longer VSL would probably

do this again in the close.

But, um, I just wanna point that out.

You know, they definitely

keep building up the value of the product.

They don't have like additional testimonials from people,

but they kind of talk about the mom in there

and uh, sort of like a testimonial

how to use a product for sure.

Scarcity, you know, advanced high supplies are limited.

Definitely. Um,

there's definitely a price

justification I should put anchoring.

I put price justification.

Um,

might modify this one a little bit

and you'll note this is a seven 16, right?

So when you look at the, are we in a folder that I'll share?

Um, you know, solutions's better,

they don't only say it's gonna save you money,

we talked about that on the lead,

but they do say, you know, it's better.

Normally it's this price, but you can get for this discount,

in this case the discounts 50% off.

Um, they do have the smart people buy more stuff.

What happens after you click?

Um, do they have a really specific thing

of what happens after you click anywhere?

I can't remember. We just went through it

went back to the first call to action.

I mean, yeah, it would take into this page, right?

So what happens after you click no bonuses?

Guarantee, yes, two choices.

Like, you know, kind of like a single line, but yeah.

Um, urgency. It's not right.

It's, you know, it's, it's in not, not in order necessarily,

but like, um, they don't have this, the end

of the presentation since like an ad,

but they do have sort of like, you know, really gotta hurry.

We don't know how long we're gonna happen in

stock, all that kind of stuff.

Um, you know, if we go back to the very end here,

um, yeah, I say explicitly thank you for watching,

but they're like, I'll see you on the other side.

Like, hey, this is end right?

Um, and they don't do FAQs,

although I think it might be worth testing that.

And if I wonder if they've tested that in their, uh,

VSL kind of, um, like, you know, medium, like VSL adds

to, uh, but yeah.

Okay. I I, there's some comments in there.

Look at this real quick here. Um, yeah, Nick for sure.

So that's one thing I was thinking

about as we were going through it.

Um, I see TA is that mysterious for a second too,

that, um, TAA said the product detail part feels like a, um,

MS how do you handle this part and supplement offer?

Um, let's go back and look at it. What,

right, okay.

Like you kind of explain, I think,

I think the difference here is just explain like the

technical parts of the product and how it works.

Um, you know, usually like a supplement offer.

I was trying to think of like one that would be appropriate

for me to pull up here that's not

like, uh, that's fairly recent.

I mean, let's go find like, uh, gimme a second.

I'll pull up, I'll pull a second. Gimme a second here. Uh,

okay, so I wrote like burn for V Shred for example.

Um, let's go at the clothes of this one.

I won't go through the entire thing, but like, uh,

mechanism.

All right, so I guess burn, I mean this is

what yeah, and this is what I would typically do.

I just wanna show you, it's more about sort

of like the quality, like the ingredients where it's made,

things like that sort

of product detail wise for supplements, right?

Every bottle is made right here in the USA.

You wanna a state of the art facility, it's GMP certified.

We chose the name burn because it's exactly

what this breakthrough is designed to do.

You know, it was designed to, we're sort of, we're sort

of resummarizing the mechanism here.

So if you talk about the UMP tasso, like

that's actually like, I think a nice little

thing to do, right?

It's been used by all these people, everyone

with different, you know, bio types.

Uh, this feedback's been great. I'm not sure.

Testimonials like right.

Um, now and Burn actually mentioned other ingredients later

on in the close, which I don't want to throw people off

that was different than what I normally do.

Um, but yeah, typically this part here is like

where you're sort of like, like this is what you kind

of would do with the product details for that part.

Let's keep it to that for now. 'cause again,

Vern was very rarely do I use this structure and it works.

So I mean obviously you can play everything is,

there's exceptions for everything.

But I've generally found that doing it the other way

historically has the highest success rate,

which is doing the ingredients before you get to the close.

Um, but there's a lot of nuance there.

Always talk about that in the future. Nick.

I like to use the future pacing.

As soon as you place your feet,

the future pace is a transformation.

This is also useful towards then when you explain

what will happen when you place your order.

Uh, seeing a good example that recently modeled.

Yeah, I mean the future pacing

for the newer one I think is very, like, important.

Um, but like you're sort

of telling them like right from the moment you use it, um,

you know, no more struggling.

Like really, I, I do think that's the thing that is

really, you know, kind of important.

We talked about, I think one of the other callers

with like the lead and stuff as well,

but a lot of like, sort of future pacing and,

and telling 'em what, you know, getting 'em in a state

of feel like the transformation has occurred

or imagining the transformation occurring

makes 'em more likely to wanna buy.

Right? Um, task says why don't they share the price

for face, uh, for Facebook and, and feed ads.

I don't know. I mean I've just seen both.

I've seen it both ways. Um, I've seen some things

that crush up in feed ads where they talk about the price

and I've seen others where they just sort of say a discount.

Um, so I guess it's honestly saying the split test may

that'd be a good test for you guys to do as well.

Um, also, you know, it could be if they're,

if they're testing or we're testing

different price points, right?

Which they may have been doing, um, maybe they still are

and so they just say 50% off.

But I think it's a, a very worthwhile test.

I've seen, I've seen it both ways when I've looked at these

Nick Price inquiry makes a big difference.

If you have a real reason why, it's kind of

what the whole close is about.

It's all reason why copy, why why is it different?

Why we offer a unique guarantee, why I made this product,

why you should take six bottle, why you should, why now?

Um, yeah, totally. I mean, I agree with that.

And the price anchor green is, is

quite valuable and you have a good reason why.

And um, and yeah,

I agree on not making it like feel like s**t

for the single bottle, which Moni said, I think people

who push the six bottles a lot have s****y supplements

and know that will be

the only seal they get from that customer.

So they wanna look at as much as possible.

I mean, I agree, but the list still can be valuable.

I do find that even if you sold a sort of s****y supplement

but you like, provide a good, uh, customer experience

and email them, build a relationship,

they'll still buy more from you

because a lot of supplements are, yeah, there's a lot

of like psycho somatic sort

of placebo effect things that happen too.

I, I'm a big, I'm a, you know, I, I take a bunch

of supplements and big believer, but I just, I don't know.

I mean, I agree. I mean

that's what they're thinking for sure.

But I still think, I don't know,

I still think you get customers and,

and not make them feel like s**t.

And then Nick said, so new financial, add in a mystery gift

that will be revealed on the next page.

See how much the mystery gift is

worth, what it'll do for you.

And then tell 'em to click on the next page to discover it.

Yeah, super interesting. I could definitely see

that me saying you can, you can test as well.

Um, like a mystery page on mystery gift on the checkout.

I would wait until I've sold 'em on stuff enough

before I did that because I don't want 'em

to like just click to the checkout

for the mystery gift, right?

And then, uh, but then they don't buy.

But that's actually, I think it's a cool test.

I would test that. That's the very last thing.

Yeah, that's cool. I actually like that idea.

I'm gonna incorporate when we do our

skincare thing, Nick, let's do that.

We can figure out a mystery gift for people.

Um, okay, so that was all, uh, I

feel like I always think I'm gonna do more examples than I

am, but I mean I can find an info

or we can do an info next time.

I don't know. I mean it's kind of the same thing.

It's just like the difference is simply like

you're just sort of not talking about uh, how to use it.

You know, the differences of info pros is like instead

of like, it's really honestly just that the product details

are um, the different modules that are in something, right?

Versus um, like the uh, like versus the physical thing.

I trying to think of like things we've run long sales on

risk for like very long for like email bundle or something.

Um, I don't know

so many questions why I think about if I wanna pull digital,

I'm stop sharing for a second while I look for an info.

One that might make sense to share.

Unmute yourself as well if you, uh,

Yeah, that uh, that mystery gift idea actually.

So I got it from a different copywriter, uh, in financial,

but I was like, yeah, that's brilliant,

you know, I love that idea.

And he was like, yeah, you know where I got that from?

I was like, where from? He's like scientific advertising.

The book Claude Hopkins used

to throw in mystery gifts in his offers all the time

and test them out and it would like always beat the test

'cause people are just like intrigued by getting gifts

that they don't know what it's going to be,

but you just tell them like it's worth this much.

He would, so the interesting about that is that uh,

he would do the mystery gift,

but it wouldn't even be like, you know, obviously

it would actually be like you would buy the product

and then you just get a mystery gift

with it even though you didn't know what it was

and it would get shipped out to you.

So he wouldn't even like reveal it before the sale.

He would just keep it a mystery the whole time.

Just add intrigue. So it's pretty interesting.

That is interesting, but that's not, um, yeah,

like Rich Sheron did that.

He talked about one of the ca pro events too.

Basically he did it for like an upsell where it was like,

um, the entire upsell was like a mystery box

and it was like people packing this box

and like the background behind him.

Um, and like that did pretty well.

So it's kinda interesting.

Um, but yeah, I think that's pretty cool.

That's a good idea. So I'm trying

to find if I have good info product example to show,

I don't wanna leave people hanging on that. If I do

Something, something I like too that uh, you know,

a client sent our way to model recently was

making use of the studies, again, if you have a study

that you can do it with, but basically

using the studies

and the, the results of the studies to reinforce um,

the six bottle option

and why you should keep on taking more and more of it.

So you're basically saying like, Hey,

this one ingredient in this study showed this amount

of improvement in five weeks

and then this study showed an X amount improvement

for this ingredient in 12 weeks.

You know, so it's just like, it just makes sense for you

to just keep on taking it, uh, you know,

over and over again.

And I actually liked that a lot. I modeled it for the close.

Um, so yeah, yeah, again,

just like reasons why stronger rea if you can just come up

with stronger and stronger and stronger

and more compelling reasons why to do it, you know?

Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. No, I think that's great.

Um, here I'll show, I mean this is an old one.

This is the original Venus Factor,

which is like Brad Howard's first big like

sort of weight loss program.

Um, so this is an info product.

Obviously there's, um, you, your son like information or,

or coaching or courses.

You know, on one hand it would be different. One hand one.

I actually could have found the RBC Twitter probably too,

but let's just look at this one

'cause it's pretty, it's probably gonna follow

this structure pretty well.

Um, so I'd like to introduce you to

what really is the future of female fat loss.

The venous factor. The venous factor is the first

and only weight loss plan designed dramatically

to dramatically increase fuel metabolism

and bring out that sexy goddess in you by delivering fast,

long-term, enjoyable fat loss without

restricting the foods you crave most.

This female fat loss blueprint will work

for you even if you have little no time turbo genetics like

Lisa and I, a super slow metabolism, a thyroid conditioner,

even if you, you've tried everything.

So introduce the product, like kind of what is it, right?

Um, well it's like this plan that does these things, right?

And it's gonna give you like these long-term results.

Um, this is kinda interesting here.

Now lemme tell you what the venous factor is, not

so you know what you're about to experience.

It is not another fat restrictive

or difficult diet that ever results in uncontrolled food

cravings, frustrating plateaus, diminish energy and fatigue

and damage, slower fat storing metabolism

or a best temporary weight loss with piles

of embarrassing rebound weight gain to follow.

No generic diets for men have set your metabolism.

No generic diets for men have set metabolism smoked to fail.

It's time for a solution that truly works.

So kinda like shooting on the

alternative there a little bit, right?

It's time for a solution that truly works

with your female metabolism instead of against it.

That ensures your success when your metabolism fat brain

switch is turned on using the venous factor strategies

that have been proven and perfected

with thousands of women just like you.

You expect the exact opposite experience of the other diets.

No food cravings, no plateaus

and stoly, faster fat burning metabolism,

permanent fat loss from female problem areas like your

stomach, hips, butt and thighs.

All your energy sores, your weight rapidly decreases,

and you finally have the freedom to claim the life

and body you absolutely deserved.

The venous factor is a super easy

to follow 12 week nutrition plan that shows you exactly what

to do step-by-step to create a new fat burning metabolism.

So it's kinda like that, how to use it, right?

Like how to use it in like an info product.

Um, it's sort of like, almost like it is kind

of a combination of like, like this is

like, how do I say this?

I guess I wanna say we'll just follow the guide

or follow the program or go through the modules.

Um, and so I guess like the one difference is, you know,

in the info product you're gonna have more meat about

what the product details are like.

Um, and so this is sort of like a combination of like

what it is exact, I mean you kind of said

what it is broadly in the vsl I like more specifically

and like, you know, how you would use it, right?

So, and, and the info products are typically gonna

have more fascinations, right?

Um, so anyway, shows exactly what to do step by step.

We discover things like surprising foods

that damage leptin sensitivity

and make losing even a single, uh,

pound next to impossible for women.

Watch how fast the weight falls off

in the first two weeks of the program.

When you simply eliminate these process

and soy foods, the one cheat food trick

that spikes female metabolism

and keeps your leptin sky high, this is the only way

for a human or for women to burn fat around the clock.

Even when you're sound asleep.

Once you learn the secret, you'll never look

at fat loss the same way again.

By the way, one note I wanna make on these fascinations

that I appreciate is like, they have like this,

but then they like, you know, dimensionalize it

or they take it one layer deeper

of why does that matter, right?

So your discovers these surprising foods

and then when you do watch how fat fast weight

falls off, right?

The one cheap food that leptin was like

the mechanism back in the day.

'cause lept, it was like at the time we don't wanna talk

about leptin when this was was written, right?

But then they're like, you know, this is the only way

for women to burn fat around the clock, right?

Once you on the secret, you'll never look at fat loss again.

So it's, it, it like, 'cause a lot

of people would just a mediocre

or like even like a decent copywriter would write this

and then just stop there, right?

And so the difference is like the follow up section,

the addendum to each fascination, right?

The one bionutrient for weight loss.

Almost all women are exceptionally deficient in raise this

one nutrient starting today and immediately increase your

fat burning and skyrocket your energy levels.

The one odd herb recently proven

to accelerate female fat loss

by increasing leptin sensitivity, uh, I don't know

what hopping is, uh, or prior transcription error.

Yeah, but same by 52%.

And now what we'll find most remarkable,

the groundbreaking venous factor of virtual nutritionist

that shows you exactly what to eat

and when for the next 12 weeks

to disintegrate fat from your problem areas.

Your virtual nutritionist is designed

to help make every 10 pounds you lose, okay?

20 by burning fat from where you virtually need to most,

maybe little, I dunno, as you can probably tell,

the venous factor was developed to take female fat loss

to another level and fast.

In fact, hundreds of women report inches vanishing from

their problem areas within week, within weeks.

And they have the startling pictures and,

and they have the starting pictures you're seeing

to prove it, which is amazing considering they're

experiencing these rapid results while still enjoying their

favorite foods like pizza, pasta, ice cream

and chocolate at the perfect time

to accelerate at the perfect time

to accelerate female fat loss.

Now that you've seen a ton of everyday women just like you

that have enjoyed an incredible success with Venus Factor,

let's quickly check out what a few

of the top fat loss

professionals in the industry have to say about it.

So these are sort of, this is interesting,

like you testimonials in this case, they sort of do like,

um, proof elements here.

Like instead of testimonial, right? Like Dr.

Hellel says, like, I've reviewed this plan and it's great.

Uh, international bestselling fat loss author

and expert fitness expert, Kyle Leon says,

this is incredible, right?

That's actually cool. I've, I've kind of forgot about that.

I've looked this close in a long time. So like instead

of just testimonials, if you had some additional endorsers,

um, kind of cool to maybe pop those in there.

And the section of the close were if you especially,

'cause if you have testimonials like at the beginning, right

before the close, which a lot of times you do, um,

you could also do like endorsements here right?

Now. Look, before we go any further, it's important for me

to be a hundred percent honest and upfront with you.

If you're looking for that magic weight loss answer

or if you just want this week's celebrity fad diet

or some gimmick deep down you already know will never work,

then venous factor is not for you.

Venous factor is only for women that are ready

to put down the gimmick answers in order to follow a proven,

flavorful step-by-step system for lifelong weight loss.

So with a real answer to permanent female weight loss,

and if you want to get the bikini body you desire without

damaging metabolism or spending endless hours in the gym

and sacrificing your favorite foods

or red wine to do it, the venous factor isn't just a system

for you, it's the only system for you.

Now, you may believe this one of a kind system

that delivers all this will be extremely expensive.

So now we're getting to kinda that price anchoring, right?

And, uh, yeah,

and truth be told, it really should be considering the

countless hundreds of women is transformed

so quickly when nothing else worked.

And of course, for my hourly consulting fee

for the biggest supplement

companies in the road is over $500.

It's only natural to think a system that I poured years

of my life into creating must be unaffordable.

However, it's not, this is the personal mission, right?

I only felt right by making the Venus factor affordable

for every woman that needs to lose weight.

So don't worry, I'll give to the person in just a moment.

First, I make you aware of something.

You're not just receiving the venous factor today.

Nope, just watching this presentation, I'm going

to give you absolutely free of charge

as special bonus valued at 9 2 9 seminar called the Venus

Factor Workout to help you lose weight even faster.

This is actually kinda interesting too, right,

where they're gonna, they do this bonus

here and they do it no matter what.

Just for watching this 12 week female fat loss exercise

program is a perfect compliment to your main program

because most women that workout are annoyingly ruining the

re results using strategies designed for men instead

of falling system proven and match

at one's hormonal environment.

This program uses unique exercise

to match your hormonal state to target strengthen

and tone your softest areas

and eradicate ate from them while

starting your fat loss results.

And inside you'll discover things like why your workout

needs to be shorter and way less intense than a man

in order to burn fat optimally.

The exact exercises women should never do

because they actually stole fat loss, um,

I should say store it makes cellulite worse.

And you'll be happy to know this includes lame, long,

useless cardio unique easy exercises

that you can do from home to boost your metabolism

significantly lower leptin sensitivity, kill cellulite,

maximize your fat loss, and listen to this program.

There's no stone unturned.

I'm including 143 premium video coaching lessons.

So you can know every advanced tip

and trick there is to maximize female fat loss.

This is way beyond anything you could ever dream

to find from a personal trainer.

The entire Venus Factor workouts

and all of the 143 video coaching lessons

are a hundred percent free today.

So that I'm with you every step

of the way to ensure your success.

Now, as crazy as this sounds, I'm not even gonna charge my

one hour rate of $500

for the Venus Factor in which I'm also including this 209 7

bonus absolutely free for you today.

Nope. I promise you I was gonna make this affordable

for everyone that needs to lose weight in a minute.

That's why you're not even gonna pay half of that.

Heck, you're not gonna pay half of that.

Your total investment to own the Venus Factor

and the Venus Factor workouts

of all the premium video coaching lessons is just a one time

huge discount payment for only $97, right?

And then they'll, you'll see this

where it's another anchor or drop on top of that.

Now, I'm sure you'll agree this offer, this is sort

of though where I go, sorry, it's a quick note.

Like if you add a zero to it,

like the way you're writing like the, the,

the writing on this for an info product is actually so good,

I feel like, because it's sort of like you're, you really,

they feel like they're getting a lot, right?

You sort of went through these fascinations.

Um, it's not so many

that you're overwhelmed, there's like a focus to it.

It's around leptin, what to eat, things like that.

You've got this 12 week plan

with like a virtual nutritionist, right?

You're like, okay, that's good.

Um, then you're getting this gift on the weight loss, uh,

like fat loss exercise program.

You're getting all these videos, all this.

So I feel like by the time you get to here

and you hear like $97, you're like, well, you know,

that's actually that, that's pretty reasonable.

You're, you're like talking yourself into paying $97, right?

Um, so then when you go down to here,

I'm sure you'll agree this offer is an unbelievable value

and you're probably ready to get started.

However, before you do, as another special thank you

for watching this limited time presentation, I'm going

to do you one even better today.

You're not even gonna pay the massively discount price

of nine $7 through today's special video presentation only.

You're going to get immediate access to everything

for a single, a one time single secure payment of only $47.

Now, if you're stunned because you realize

that this tiny investment for everything is now less than a

single session of a personal trainer

or even a single type of protein powder these days,

hold on a second because I'm not done.

Like the value stacking on this is wild, right? Because why?

Like, it's just, I think, oh, I, I'll stop coming.

I'll keep bringing from it. I have, I have comments.

I assist on taking things even a step further for you

because I know you've been set to fail for so long.

It may be difficult to see yourself experience, uh,

to see your ex your own experience, uh, or self experience.

The same results all these women have with Venus Factor,

because I know you'll see similar jaw dropping

results as the one you've seen today.

I'll not just promise him, I'll guarantee them.

So now he's got the guarantee, right?

But he is doing it as a, um, as a like, uh,

like as a bonus, right?

Um, if you don't experience a life-changing enjoyable fat

loss journey, like unlike any virtual I

before, simply send me an email anytime in the next 60 days,

I'll promptly issue a hundred percent refund.

I'll completely protect you. It's a good language, right?

Especially if you're talking to a woman,

but it's a man speaking.

It's very masculine. I'll completely protect you

with an ironclad a hundred percent money back guarantee so

that you risk nothing to claim your new body

with Venus Factor today sounds more than fair, right?

Plus to even further ensure your experience,

you experience the quickest, most enjoyable

and support fat loss journey possible.

I have one more very special bonus worth $97

that you'll have me access

to free of charge when you get started today.

It's called Venus Immersion.

Venus Immersion is the ultimate Venus experience.

It's a community of thousands of real women

that are either starting their own transformation

or have been, uh, where you are right now

before they found the real answer to weight loss.

This is actually their sneaky little

continuity thing they were running at the time, right?

Like-minded women are always there to answer your questions

and share support for you during

every step of your transformation.

Social community where I'm currently able

to help women individually give coaching calls

and much, much more as you'll see to ensure your fastest

and easy result, easiest results possible.

So the last thing we ever want you to feel, Venus is alone

and we promise you won't Actually.

Venus immersion amazing friendships blossom every week.

And in case you're interested, the girls organize fun Venus

Vacations for everyone that wants to meet

up, which is always a good time.

We meet, always say we're all here

to support you every step of the way.

The immediate access to everything,

including the Venus Factor, the Venus Factor workouts

and premium video coaching lessons,

and Venus Immersion a hundred percent risk free

by clicking the add cart button

below right now to get started.

Now that's the first call to action, right?

So go back to structurally, I don't know, I don't know.

Back in the day, I don't know if they tested doing call

to actions before or if they felt like,

especially if it being an info product,

they really wanna stack everything

before they got to a call to action like this.

This thing like crushes is like the biggest offer on Quick

Bank for like years back in the day, right?

Um, so this is like a, it's an older offer,

but the copy doesn't really change that much as far

as like structure.

And so one thing I wanna note

before I keep going on this is like with info specifically,

I think where people fail on info is they sort of like,

don't make it clear or they don't, it doesn't feel valuable

or it feels like disconnected where it's sort of like,

you know, you do all this selling, you get

to like the package and you're like, yo,

it's gonna show you like the

videos that tell you how to do it.

So how much is that worth? But it doesn't feel like you're

getting something like when you, when you, when you go

through this copy, I mean some

of put in the chat if you agree

or let me know if you don't agree,

but I, to me, I it just feels like holy s**t,

like I'm getting all of this for just $47, right?

Um, and I think like that's, you know, important.

So going back to like the, the add a zero line, you know,

if you told me it was $470, I'd be like,

and I was in, if I was a, a woman who was overweight in

that emotional state, I'd be like, oh my gosh,

I don't know if I can afford it or not,

but like, you know, man, maybe I should get it.

I would actually be debating it.

But then when I find out there's

$47, I'd be like, f**k it, I'm buying it.

Right? Damn, all that $47 is crazy. It's crazy.

Like what do I have to, I'm talking

to myself into buying it at that point, right?

Um, and so like I just, yeah

to me like I think it's really strong.

I saw one person posting it in the chat. Yeah, Monie agreed.

Honestly, I'm gonna go back and swipe this for,

I wanna do like a little BSL for peptide stuff.

Um, it's not gonna be super long

'cause people are super like aware.

But um, I'm gonna swipe a bunch

of this especially 'cause we're creating Facebook community.

I'm swipe, I'm swipe this s**t outta this.

See how it does All you guys know, um, right?

Remember everything you've been doing up until now has not

worked and now you know why continue has such a path

that will inevitably lead you to even more frustration

and greater despair as weeks pass by

and your struggle with your weight loss gain worsens.

This will continue to negatively affect everything from your

relationships with your family, friends

and loved ones, to your choice of hobbies, vacations,

and even all the way down to the clothes you wear.

None of this is what I want for you

and I know that is not what you deserve for yourself.

There's another path for you that has been paved

with the success of thousands of women

that come before you A path.

So, which talk about the crossroads, right?

Like there's like the whole nothing's worked.

So you know, you keep going this way

or there's another path, right?

Which way will you go? Um, a path that empowers you

to take control of your weight loss and claim

the body and life you deserve.

Imagine the moment you step onto this path to the ideal.

You, you're finally on your way to being free of every inch

of an ounce of use of body fat you've been,

burden you've been burdened with for so long.

That long lasts future pacing, right transformation.

You feel alive, vibrant, healthy

and full of energy instead

of your favorite foods making you gain weight.

Your new metabolism now uses them as fuel

to accelerate your fat burning results.

Each morning you're bursting anticipation

to step on the scale and see the weight

disappearing in the bathroom mirror.

You look forward to wearing the

clothes you're always wanted to wear.

And hearing the daily confidence you're receiving your

self-confidence improves every relationship you have,

the decisions you make,

and even the opportunities that now come your way.

This is your new path. It's time to realize

that turn on your fat burning switch

and claim your new metabolism, your new

life and your your new future.

Right now click the add to cart button

below right now to get started.

It'll be granted immediate access to everything,

including the extremely limited time venous immersion bonus.

I cannot stress enough how time sensitive this is.

Remember I talked about with the outline here of like, um,

the lack like basically, you know, how important, uh,

importance of taking action today, right?

Oh, so sorry, sorry. Uh, you really must hurry.

Like right here, right?

There's no guarantee I really kinda stress how long, uh,

how time sensitive this offer is

because we're very close to our

maximum membership capacity right now.

Remember, all the sensational transformations you've

seen today cannot be flukes.

They're all real women that have been

where you are right now

before finding the true answer to lifelong weight loss.

And they're on the inside wing to help you achieve the same.

And let me remind you, I don't just promise a similar

success, this particular results like the woman you've seen

today, I absolutely guarantee it.

Just don't delay and come back to,

to find today's special pricing

first revolutionary system gone forever.

And a special super bonus of unavailable

because we've reached a community

limit, which is filling up fast.

Do the smart thing, the right thing.

Make today one that you'll always remember as a great day,

a life changing day, taking advantage

of today's limited time presentation offer

and choose the friendly, enjoyable

and guaranteed path to permanent weight loss right now.

Click the add to cart button below right now

and we'll see you on the other side.

And then they do like want to hear, uh,

from some real women about their Venus experience

and they basically just slam you

with like a social proof at the end of this one,

which is really, really innovative at the time.

I've seen people do it since then a few times.

I think that's always a really interesting test.

Um, so seven FAQ But this thing I think a lot

of you guys on this call could do in tests as well, right?

If you have a bunch of UGC videos,

actually think it's a really, uh, baller move.

'cause now like again, we have the call to actions,

we sold them, VSL is done

and then you just like kind of bombard them with people.

Uh, and by the way,

they're also answering questions too, right?

Um, does it really work? Is it for real? The answer is yes.

Um, but like, uh,

yeah it's bombard them with social proof, right?

So anyway, I wanted to share that

'cause I wanna kinda show the differences on info I guess.

I mean, definitely builds up the value.

They've got some endorsers of set of testimonials.

It's like how to use the product and what's included.

There's definitely scarcity throughout, right?

Um, they kinda talk s**t about other, you know, here's

what it's not, it's not one of these like fad diets.

It's not these other things. Personal mission, um,

you know, obviously the price discounting.

There's not really a, uh, an option to stock up.

So there's not really a smart people buy

more call to action.

I I think it's to click are

they say what happens after you click?

Um, that's the first one.

Yeah, it'd be granted immediate access to everything.

So I mean, you know, it could be a little bit deeper,

but um, yeah, they do the bonuses kind of

before they get to the first call to action.

Obviously the guarantee is super hard.

They go hard on the guarantee.

Classic crosswords or cross crossroads.

Sorry, my, this lack of the map helped,

but I'm still a little, my brain's a little foggy guess,

um, urgency at the end.

Thanks for watching. And then they sort of instead doing

FAQs on it, they sort of have just a bunch of testimonials.

I'm wondering if, um, you know,

one thing they could have done is come back to like, Hey,

you know, John again, thanks.

Hopefully the stories inspired you.

Click the button, whatever.

You know, I mean, probably not a huge deal,

but probably get,

throw another call to action at the very end of this.

But yeah, I'll, I'll share this.

I, I, I had to hide markup

'cause this one's got markups from

somebody who shared with me in the past.

But, um, I'll get a version of this that I do share.

Uh, you know, yeah, sure. Yeah, I agree, Nick.

I mean there's sort of like this informational info,

infomercial style, like, well wait,

there's more type of thing, right?

Really stacks value. Um,

and my experience, there's a lot of value, like I said,

going to things that worked really well a few years back

or five years ago or 10 years ago even.

'cause typically, like you can't do the mechanism again.

Like you can't necessarily go it's leptin,

but like that close probably works just as well today

as it worked then and people have gone away from it, right?

But like, like there's a lot

of you could take for something like that.

So. Sweet. Okay.

Anyone, anyone have any other, uh,

any questions on this stuff?

We're gonna kind of wrap up today

because we went from an hour and 20 already

and then, uh, I think next week I'll go

probably go AI headlines or AI are both next week

and then whatever we don't do,

if we don't do both next week,

we'll do the other one the following week.

Any other, anything, any questions?

All right, well, I'll share the, um,

I'll share like the folder

and again, I'll, I'll give a, um, a copy of this, uh,

this set the folder too and we'll share the replay

and uh, we'll go from there.

But I appreciate everybody. Hope everyone has a great, uh,

week and I'll be available in WhatsApp

and all that and I'll talk to everybody soon.

So thank you all. Thanks. Thank you, Stefan.

Yes. Oh, thank you. Yeah, sorry. Thanks. Ask a question.

Yeah, my pleasure.