What are we doing today?

Uh, I think it'll be fun. We're gonna just go through a, uh,

promo from Agora Financial.

It's like an investment financial promo,

but I kind of heard through the grapevine that

is doing extremely well for them.

Like it's the, uh, the best promo they've had since End

of America back in 2011, which was written by, I believe

that was run by Porter Sansbury.

Um, and the numbers

that is seen haven't been seen since then.

So, you know, that caught my attention.

Um, they're like really crazy numbers.

I, I, I'm not sure how much I can share publicly,

but I mean, yeah, way over a thousand new

people a day type of thing.

Um, so I figured it'd be cool to kind of look at it,

look at the, uh, go through the VSL, we'll look at like the,

the video production, the copy,

and we can kind of analyze it and kind of try

and figure out like, why do we think, you know,

if this is being so successful.

So I'm gonna share my screen in a moment here.

I'm going to, uh, I'll, I'll put links in

so you guys have them, but you know, we'll go through it.

What we're gonna do is we'll basically watch like a couple

minutes, like the sort of opening, then we'll pause

and we'll sort of dissect it together.

We'll talk about the copy elements,

we'll look at the transcript of it, all

that kind of stuff as well.

Um, I'll go ahead and drop links in here.

So this is the one minute here.

This is the, uh, link to the VSL.

And then what's kind of nice, fortunately is that, uh,

oh wait, sorry, we didn't hit that yet.

When you go to leave it, it gives you that popup

of like, oh, do you wanna keep reading?

And if you say, we'll keep reading it is the, uh,

the same copy.

It's like the whole transcript.

So very kind of our friends at, uh, Agora to do that.

Um, so you, we can kind of go over there,

go, you know, based off of it.

Lemme put the link to that too, so you have it.

That should be the TSL one, I think.

Um, I make sure my audio is playing

through and we'll start watching the video.

Watch it first couple minutes, and then we'll kind of pause

and we'll look at the copy from there.

So share computer sound. One second.

Let restart this. It's actually, Matt,

your team is running all that Facebook

traffic, so Yeah, so banger, right?

Nice. Yeah, that's great. So even more validation. Yeah.

I've just been hearing from the inside

that this thing's just smashing.

So, um, and we'll make this kind of interactive.

So as we're going, I mean, Matthew, you have any like,

insights onto why you think it's doing well, feel free

to share and stuff, but obviously if you want to

Yeah, yeah, I got lots of insights.

We've been kind of, you know, balls deep in this thing for

a few weeks now, so, uh,

Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll do,

like, I'll play the lead.

We'll go through it and we can look at the copy and then,

but yeah, then I, I'll I'll probably call on you

to maybe have you share

anything. 'cause I, it'd be cool to hear.

Yeah, I'd be happy to within reason of like, yeah,

Yeah, yeah, of course. Nothing confidential

or anything like that,

but just sort of broad insights.

Um, all right, I'm gonna gonna hit play.

Hope you all can hear me. I guess I'll play

for like the first couple minutes

and pause and we'll go from there.

So let me know if you guys

can't hear the audio. For some reason,

For years we've been told America is bankrupt,

but there's a side to this story you've never heard before.

A secret store of wealth so valuable.

It's enough to turn every legal US citizen

into a millionaire.

Thanks in large part, to President Trump.

According to our guest today,

it all started years ago when the 42nd Congress changed

Title 30 of the US code to establish

what he calls a secret trust for the American people.

Today, this fund has quietly grown into a massive

15 figure fortune one

that should have enriched generations of Americans.

Instead, for more than a century,

it was sealed off from the public.

But now thanks to a Supreme Court decision,

it will soon be unlocked.

Our guest today says, America is anything but broke.

And if you understand what's bound to happen next,

you could watch your own net worth soar in the years ahead.

According to Jim Ricks former advisor to the White House

and Federal Reserve, you

and I are sitting on a national inheritance worth

$150 trillion in counting enough

to pay off the national debt four times over.

To put that in perspective, that's enough money

to make every American family

millionaires when it's unleashed.

Jim predicts, as soon as this summer,

it will silence Trump's most outspoken critics and,

and a growing number of Americans,

a chance to retire wealthy.

So where did this so-called endowment come from?

Why was it kept secret for more than a century?

And how can you claim your share?

Joining us now is our special guest, Jim Rickers.

Jim has spent his 50 year career in the innermost circles

of the US government

and banking, making him one

of the most politically connected men in America.

Back in the 1970s.

He co crafted the Petrodollar Accord a single act,

which granted the US dollar reserve currency status.

In the 1980s.

He helped the US end the Iranian hostage crisis.

In the 1990s, he was summoned by Alan Greenspan

to help save America from a $1.9 trillion banking crisis.

And in 2007, he testified in front

of the US Treasury warning of a looming financial crisis,

supplying them with a detailed plan to avoid disaster.

Jim, it's an honor to have you with us.

All right, so let's pause there out the gate

and let's go look at the copy here.

I'll share some of the things that I was sort

of notating as we were going.

Gimme one second because Okay. Make I that up. Okay.

I wanna be able to write notes. So we're watching it.

And we can start with like, sort of the, the headline,

which is really the intro of the copy, right?

Um, 'cause it's sort of like full video mode.

America's Secret Trust fund him for 163 years.

This $150 trillion American birth rate could soon me

released to the public thanks to

Landmark Supreme Court decision.

Okay, well, let's go right to the actual transcript.

For years we've been told America is bankrupt,

but there's a side to the story you've never heard before.

A secret story of wealth so valuable, it's enough

to turn every legal US citizen into a millionaire.

Takes in large part to President Trump.

According to our guest today,

it all started years ago when the 42nd Congress changed

Title 30 of the US code to establish

what he calls a secret trust for the American people.

Today's fund has quietly grown into a massive 15 figure

fortune one

that should have enriched generations of Americans.

Instead, for more than a century,

it was sealed off from the public,

but now thanks to a Supreme Court decision,

it will soon be unlocked.

Our guest today says America has anything but broke.

So let's kind of dissect this.

I have, I'm, I wanna get interactive.

I'll share a couple of my thoughts, the things I like.

Obviously, you know,

you assume the market is gonna be conservative men,

50 plus, right?

Financial copy. So the idea of like, uh, you know, thanks

to Trump, Trump's a hero right away is an appealing idea,

but it's also instantly contrarian, right?

You know, we've been told America is bankrupt,

but there's a side to this story you've never heard before.

A lot of, like, what I was thinking about while watching

those first couple minutes of the lead is

that contrarian aspect, right?

You, like, everyone hears America's bankrupt.

There's a side you haven't heard before.

In fact, there's this huge secret store of wealth.

Well, who doesn't want to tap into a secret store of wealth?

It's not overly complicated,

but it's like a time honored desire, uh, time-tested desire

of people wanting to, you know, kind

of tap into a secret desirable, right?

Um, the idea of like a secret trust

for the American people is sort of like comforting, right?

I like that too, because I think about how every,

who doesn't wanna, like, who doesn't have a little of envy

for a trust fund kid or like a trust fund person, right?

So this idea that there's like a secret, uh, trust,

and there's some like, you know, and, and, but, you know,

and a bit of like outrage and curiosity.

'cause it was, uh, you know, could have enriched generations

of Americans, um, but was sealed off, right?

So now it's sort of like a lost treasure thing, right?

Like a, like a treasure hunt.

Um, but with recency, thanks to a Supreme Court decision,

it will soon be unlocked.

And then being really explicit

of the contrarian nature America is anything but broke.

Um, and what's in it for me?

Well, if you understand what's about bound to happen,

you could watch your own net worth soar in the years ahead.

Um, and then, you know, we're gonna get into more

of Jim Rickard's, uh, you know,

credibility in a second, which we saw in the video.

But like, you know, again, who's this idea of foul money?

Like, it's like the rich, the rich distant uncle you didn't

know you had who dies and leaves you a

million dollars, right?

Um, we're sitting on the secret trust of $150 trillion.

Um, you know, people

who are worried about the national debt.

Wow, this could, even if you're not,

even if you are more altruistic

and you kind of don't know about, what's it for me, a lot

of conservative men, 50 plus listen to Tucker Carlson

and other conservative like, you know, are,

are legitimately worried about this national debt.

So it's like, I, I might be curious for that alone,

even if I'm, even if it's a more altruistic reason.

Um, but if you're not altruistic, altruistic enough money

to make every American family mul millionaires, right?

Um, this idea of silence trump's outspoken critics, okay?

Again, if you're a big fan of Trump, sweet, like you like

that, okay, like he's the hero to the average person.

And as always a financial, you wanna retire wealthy, right?

That little bit of curiosity, right? Where did it come from?

Why was it kept a secret? How can you claim your share?

And then we have the guest, right?

This is a case where I think a strong spokesperson

really does matter.

Um, it matters a lot.

And financial, it can be a big benefit in financial.

Um, you'll see it in health as well,

but especially there, he has a really,

you know, good amount of credibility.

So these are the things I see.

Like, you know, it's funny if you go to like, um,

like the lead, is it the most like

over the top sensationalized lead ever?

No. But financial doesn't usually

have those types of leads anyway.

Um, but I think those are the elements I see

that make it appealing to alluring.

Does anybody else have any comments on

what you see in the lead before we go?

Uh, continue watching with the conversation with Jim?

Uh, I think it's a really, really good story.

Like, I think it's just interesting

and that's probably a lot of the reason why it's been

so successful.

It's not super like selly.

It's not really like trying to get to,

it's more like an investigation, like a mystery.

And like if we continued to read into this copy, you'd find

that like for, you know, 7, 8, 9, 10 minutes,

like the story just keeps developing.

So it does a really good job, I think, of

keeping people hooked by, like

not really leaning into claims and promise

and more leaning into this idea of like, presenting people

with something that they didn't know.

And then, um, yeah, it's obviously pro-Trump, so you know,

anyone that sees something that's like Trump,

that's kind of the people that we want.

Yeah, no, that makes a lot of sense, Matt and I.

Yeah, I, that's actually a really good point and,

and kind of even going back to the format

and what, uh, Tasso just said with like, you know,

this is like financial, like VSL format.

A lot of times host Bringss an expert.

So that's not like necessarily anything new.

Um, it's not repeated in other niches that often,

but, um, it does almost have that feeling of like, uh,

like a history channel show point that right? For sure.

Yeah. It's Like, and, and like,

and kind of what I was mentioning about like the treasure,

this hidden treasure missing treasure, like mm-hmm.

That, that we know that place of the demo.

And so even though it's subtle, I, I,

I think it's a good observation from you.

Uh, it makes, it makes sense

'cause you're like, you're watching almost this sort of,

Yeah. And then you pair

Mystery of Docus series.

You pair that with this kind of promise

that Trump is gonna save America in a window of time where

a lot of the public narrative is kind

of going negative against Trump.

And a lot of these people probably feel like they've been

hung out to dry a little bit, um, who voted

for him and supported him.

And, you know, this promo represents hope for them, right?

Like, I was right. Like, it's an interesting story

and it's a story that comes

to the exact conclusion that they need.

Um, so that's kind of our

take on why this promo's been so explosive

and it's been super explosive.

Yeah, no, that's, that's great.

Yeah, it's funny, it's like I mentioned the end of end

of America from 2011,

and now it's sort of like the renewal of America,

the saving of America, you know? Yeah. It's

Like, yeah, it's really, it's,

it's actually a mining stock promo.

So interestingly enough, it's about the Chevron overturning

of the Chevron doctrine, um,

in 2024.

And now Trump can actually do like, um,

like give these permits or whatever.

So it's a really, and it takes a long time to get to

that story, right?

And really like get all those pieces out.

So I, well, the first time I saw it I was

like just, you know, hooked.

Like I wanted to know, like, what is it,

what is the opportunity?

Yeah, that's a huge part.

I mean, Nick, uh, is on the call too, Nick tab.

I mean, Nick, obviously you're Gore for a while

and wrote financial copy,

and so feel free to chime in as well.

But with, with financial, especially to that point, Matt,

like, I, yeah, it is my test is like,

I'm not obviously a financial copywriter,

but it's always like, am I, am I getting fomo

or a little bit greed, or at least curiosity?

I'm like, well, f**k. Like, not even, not even like

to the point of like a hyper like become a gajillionaire,

but I'm like, oh, s**t, I sh maybe I should invest in this.

Maybe I should, you know what I mean?

Like, I, maybe I, I do wanna know what this is.

Oh man, that makes sense. Like, well,

like what other stocks are like this?

If I'm starting to think like, as like, I'm gonna do it,

it's almost like a secret to me, I feel,

and that's where maybe Nick, if you, I think to add to this,

but like, I feel like if it gets me thinking that I want

to be investing, right?

Because opportunity, even if it's not for the, the stock

that they're, they're hyping,

but like, I'm just think starting thinking in investor mode,

I feel like that makes me more likely to pay for the,

you know, information and the opportunities

because it's like, almost like one

of the goals I feel like a financial copy is

to get someone into the mindset of like one

of an active investor mindset

where you're like ready to deploy money.

Mm-hmm. 'cause if you're ready to deploy money,

then you're deploying money to buy the promo.

Yeah. I dunno if it was talked about that way,

but I think that's a really interesting thing.

Yeah. It's also worth giving a shout out

to Jim Rickard's credibility.

The dude is far

and away like the most decorated of any guru

in the fin pub space in terms of like his cred

and his track record and the response that he generates.

Like people respond really well to him for whatever reason.

Um, he's just got it. Whatever it is.

Like, usually when Jim Rick is on camera with a good idea,

newsletters are moving.

And that's not necessarily the case with all gurus.

Yeah, totally. It is. That is interesting.

I mean, his credibility is, is amazing. Right?

Um, trying to think of the other gurus that had

where it's like, I mean, the Bill O'Reilly one really, well,

several years back, I know, right?

Um, there's a guy, oh,

He was very well too.

Is he still doing well? I know he, I know there was

that period with crypto where

that thing f*****g smashed. That was a long time.

He's had a couple big offers. Yeah. Yeah.

He's been pretty steady. Um,

What about Gilder?

Remember George Gilder the end of, end

of Yeah, we've been running,

I was actually, uh, still at Agora Financial,

so I worked on the inside

with the Gilder stuff a little bit too.

Yeah. That guy's like 10 years old.

I've literally never been more surprised than a VSL

converted than what their graphene promo,

because he is literally dying.

Um, he's so old, but he's got crazy cred.

He's got probably even better cred than records,

but he's a little too old.

Yeah. Yeah. I have a couple of Gilder's books.

Um, Joe Schaeffer had like paid me to write a promo

for Gilder like years ago,

and then they like just sort

of didn't gimme information about it for like, over a year.

And then it was like, the stuff happened where Agora got,

you know, went through the regulatory issues and stuff,

and then they basically were just

like, oh, don't worry about it.

And so they paid me and never wrote it, but, um, oh, okay.

Was that it would've been Interesting,

His book Life after Google. Yeah.

Yeah. I think it was life after Google, unless he had one

after that, because I, yeah, life

after television writer or something like that.

And they did Life after Google,

I think it was for the Google one.

Um, but yeah, it was a great super credible guy.

Um, but, but, but to back to your point on Jim Records,

I mean, also very credible.

Um, Nick, do you have anything you want to add

before I, or Go ahead, Matt.

Oh, I was, or was that you?

Oh, was you Nick? Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, I could share, um,

I share something that surprised me about it.

Um, I think what makes, I'll get to that later,

but first I

think I'm really impressed.

I think the guy that wrote this, um, Patrick,

I think he, I think he, I notice that when it comes

to mining promos, resource promos,

they take big ideas to make work,

and when they do work, they hit.

So, like, a good example would be like, uh, you know,

Obama's third term was like a big one back in the day,

and that was for like, oil, oil, uh,

selling basically all the oil that's in Texas

and stuff that's coming out of the ground soon.

So I think, I think like, um, what I like most about this is

that it speaks to entitlement.

So basically like, it gives you this idea that

there's a couple, like, to me there's like main emotions in

the lead, is that one is that this is being with, it's,

it's, it's, it's yours by birth, right?

And it's been being, we withheld from you this entire time.

Um, and then also, so like speaking

to a person's entitlement, I feel like Americans,

particularly conservatives, have a sense of entitlement

of being an American, you know?

Um, and I also think it's just an idea

that hearkens back to like old, you kind of stop seeing them

after all the check promos that, uh,

Agora got in, you know, trouble for.

But, you know, promos that promised free money

are just promos that work.

Like, if you could promise free money, then you can, like,

it's better than promising like,

opportunity, you know what I'm saying?

Like, most promos promise opportunity.

But if you can promise them that this isn't an opportunity,

it's already yours.

Like this is happening regardless

of whether you do something

or you don't do something, you know, it's like,

like this is being unlocked

because of a Supreme Court decision,

and you are entitled to this, you know, which is going

to get someone to watch.

Like, they want to know

what is this thing that I'm entitled to?

Yeah. You know, so a good example would be like, uh,

when Scott wrote, um,

uh, Canadian Social Security, you know, just kind

of the same thing where it's like mm-hmm.

It's kind of a mix between two things,

but it's like, look, I'm gonna, it's, it's, it's kind

of just like understanding loopholes.

I feel like there's like three levels to it.

You have free money entitlement. Yeah.

Which is just like, this money's already yours, like

Patriot check. Like you just,

you literally just have

to press this button and it's yours.

It's like, it's just been waiting here

for you, you know, whatever.

And then you, and then you have like loophole promos,

which are close, but it's like, I found a loophole.

So that's like Canadian social security kind

of feels like free money.

And then the other was, uh,

the next one is, is opportunity.

Just basically like something's happening

and there's an opportunity here to take advantage of it.

So for this one, I think it gets right to the entitlement,

birthright free money.

This is getting unlocked,

and I'm just gonna show you a way to pick up the piece

that is yours to claim, you know?

So I think it's, that's why it's so strong.

And, you know, um, I think

besides that, the, the thing that

actually surprised me was the opening line.

It's just, uh, for years we've been told America's bankrupt.

So I, I don't know. I mean, I don't ever remember. Yeah,

You haven't been, that's

what Tucker Carlson has been telling his readers,

Right? Right.

Something's been missing, I think. Yeah. Yeah.

Maybe it's a sentiment that's been being passed

around recently that I just kind of, uh, missed. But, but

Yeah, I think it's like, I think it's more a,

probably received as a metaphor

that America's heading in the wrong direction

in one way or another.

Yeah. Yeah. And in bad financial shape, which, you know,

I think a lot of people on the right would share

that point of view. Yeah.

Yeah. I kind of get it from the idea of the debt,

the debt, uh, crisis is kind of on its way.

And in that sense we're kind of bankrupt

because of, um, you know, debt ceilings and whatever.

Yeah. Stuff Like that. So,

Yeah. Yeah. That surprised

me a little bit.

Just kinda like, I think it's funny

'cause the copywriter took no time to prove it

or to give like, backup for it.

He was just like, this is what we believe

America's bankruptcy.

Yeah. And it, yeah, it worked.

Um, yeah, I think that

the line at the top of the promo, like sort of the

second subhead just is a quote from records

and it says it's enough

to make every single family in America millionaires.

Yeah. Like that combined

with like Secret Trust fund hits pretty hard.

Yeah, I agree.

Let me, I want to continue on the VSL for the next section,

but one thing I'll, um, I'll note

for everyone on the call too is like,

and to, to what you guys were talking about,

if the America is bankrupt, I think that's a good example of

understanding levels of awareness for a market

and where they're at, right?

Because to your point, Nick, right?

You, you'd be like, I'm not, I haven't heard that,

but like, I listened to Tucker, I was literally listening

to Scott Bestin on Tucker Carlson while I was at the gym

before this call, and I listened to him

and Howard Lutnick on the All In podcast,

which technically is a conservative podcast,

but they're overall pretty pro-Trump.

Um, and then it's like, I'm on x

and I get a lot of conservative stuff.

'cause I'm like, you know, right wing whatever.

Um, I'm right wing, but whatever.

I'm like, I'm pro pro maga Sorry if anyone on the call

that bothers, but I don't care what you are.

I don't care. You can be left wing

as f*****g be a socialist communist.

I don't care. Right? That's what I'm, so like,

I, I do hear it a lot, right?

And so when I read that line, I'm like, yeah, of course.

That's, I didn't even think to challenge it.

I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah, we've definitely

been told that. It just means you

Right where you're at, it just

Picks up I'm, I'm There. The

story that's in your head and yeah, yeah, there's,

But it's good, right? If you didn't

know that, if you're,

if you're coming into like writing a financial, so why

Joe Copier off the street comes in

to write a fi his first financial promo,

and he's not like conservative.

'cause a lot of people, Agora are like, you know,

paradoxically left leaning right.

There's a lot of like liberalists

who write financial copy for conservatives.

And, um, but it, like, that's those things

where you really have to know the market

and where they, you know, where they're at

and their level of awareness to even to, to, to,

to be bold enough to kind of go, come up that line.

So yeah, it's an

interesting, it's a good, good, good note, right?

Going back to knowing where your market is

and understanding your market.

Um, cool. Let's keep going for a little bit.

Let's go through the, uh, you know,

let's get Jim Jim talking here,

and we will, uh, we'll go for another maybe three,

five minutes, then we'll pause

and we'll see anything else to dissect and we'll continue on

and go from there. So let's do it.

Glad to be with you. Now, moments

before we went on air, you told me we're about

to see a profound transfer of wealth,

yet very few people seem to be talking about this,

Right? And there's

a good reason for that.

This trust fund is not a pile of money

to be equally distributed to all citizens,

and it's not part of a government program or handout. It's

Interesting. So tell me if

it's true.

The government is sitting on $150 trillion.

How have they kept it quiet for so long?

Where does the money, where's it coming from

and how can the average person profit?

Sure, I can answer those questions starting

with their first, why all the secrecy?

Decades ago, the US Congress inserted a key provision in

Title 30 of the US code creating

what one could call a national trust fund.

You can go read the sections 22 to 42 to be exact.

It's pretty dry stuff. I got my law degree from the

University of Pennsylvania, one

of the top schools in the nation.

I promise you we never talked about this change

to the US code or this trust fund, even once

it's been this big secret for years.

Yet, over time, the estimated size of this fund has grown

and grown to the point where its raw value sits near

$150 trillion and counting.

You gotta forgive me, but I'm hung up on the size

of this $150 trillion, how

It didn't start out that way,

but the nature of this trust is such

that politicians haven't been able to rate it,

which has allowed it to grow untouched for decades.

A number this big, it's just, it's unfathomable.

I know, just to put it into perspective,

$150 trillion is enough

to pay off the national debt four times over.

It's enough to take a 100% stake in every company listed on

the Nasdaq from Nvidia to Google to Amazon,

and buy every private home in the United States.

If you divide this figure by the number

of households in America, each family would get a check

for $1.1 million.

Now, of course, I don't expect

any of this is going to happen.

I'm just trying to point out the sheer

magnitude of the situation.

This is not some kind of government program like those COVID

relief checks a few years back.

But it is a chance for the average American

to become richer than they ever imagined,

and a chance for a few little known companies

to become household names in the years ahead.

You know, for all the talk we've heard about debt ceilings

and government shutdowns,

I'm surprised no one has mentioned this trust fund.

The only one we hear about is social security.

But this seems totally different.

No, no, this is different. Very different.

The government has rated the Social Security Trust fund

so many times it's practically gone.

Even NPR admits it could run short

of cash in just eight years.

But this national trust is different.

If Jimmy Carter, bill Clinton, Obama,

or Biden tapped into it,

they would've unleashed a socialist nightmare

that destroyed this country.

As luck would have it, they failed for one specific reason,

which I'll share in a moment.

The key thing to know is for the first time in our lives,

the government is set to unlock this massive asset,

and it all ties to a pivotal decision made

by Trump's Supreme Court.

I've gotta say that this sounds great on paper,

but I have so many questions.

Well, I thought you might take your time. Well,

Assuming everything you said is true,

why would the government release

something that's so valuable?

Well, as it turns out, this has happened before.

Back in 1862, America was a young nation

and it needed people to populate the Western states.

That's when President Lincoln signed the Homestead Act

instantly granting any American citizen the right

to claim 160 acres of public land for just $18,

160 acres for $18.

That's gotta be the deal of the century.

Well, for many it was their $18 investment equates to

around $562 today, while 160 acres

of farmland is worth about $900,000.

So these people had a chance

to make a thousand times their money.

Indeed. But there was a catch to get all this free land,

they had to pack up, move to the middle

of nowhere, and stay put. Well,

Of course, there's no such thing as a

Free lunch. No. And

to be clear, the story is not about real estate.

You see, despite giving away 10%

of all the land in the United States,

the government retained the most valuable part

for 163 years, it's held onto it.

But thanks to a recent,

Okay, let's pause here.

I wanna kind of talk about some notes I made.

Well, I went through this section, and then again,

if anyone wants to add to it, they can.

Okay? So like,

obviously it comes right with like the sort of promise

as soon as Jim records comes in, you know, we're about

to seeber found transfer of wealth,

but very few people are talking about it, right?

Um, but what I wanna note, if this language here,

this trust fund is not a pile of money

to be equally distributed to all citizens.

It's not part of a government program or a handout, right?

So to me that's like, almost like an immediate

objection addressing like, right?

Like if you've got a conservative audience,

this is not a handout.

This isn't about some socialist b******t, right?

Like, so you can feel okay about being excited about it.

This is my take on it. I'm happy

to hear other opinions in a minute, right?

And then really what I've seen in this whole section, a lot

of it is just sort of objection handling right away.

Because you've got, you made these big claims

sort of in the leader of the opening.

So like, you know, when they say, enter

the conversation in the prospect's mind, right?

Like, well, okay, what's the conversation?

Well, yeah, if this is true,

the government's saying $150 trillion,

we know why we've been keeping it quiet for so long.

Where does the money come from? Right?

Those are questions that, you know, I don't know if any

of you were thinking those sorts of things when you saw the

lead, but they're pretty reasonable questions, right?

Oh, and by the way, what's it for me?

How can the average person profit, right?

And he is like, all right, let me answer.

Um, we get into this part here, like as we're, you know,

answering and addressing those objections.

Um, like one thing, like these little things here,

like the specificity and credibility, right?

Um, I started keep vision in Title 30 of the US code,

what we could call a national trust fund.

We're repeating the promise here,

and then it's like, you know, sections 22 to 42 to be exact.

So it's like, okay, well very, this must be real.

He's telling me the exact sections I could go look it up.

I'm not going to, but I could. Right?

Um, but nobody's ever talking about this, right?

And then when I get back to say 150 trillion, like

I was thinking about the too,

and I'm like, you know, that is a, you almost overlook it,

but $150 trillion is a lot of money, right?

That is, that itself is like a hook in a way.

'cause you're like, well, what the f**k? $150 trillion?

Which is why they're doing all the

objection handling here, right?

Literally right here. I'm gonna go on the sides.

150 trillion. How? Right?

Well, it didn't start out this way.

Um, but politicians can't rate it.

So even that is sort of

for a conservative like audience, like makes sense.

Like, oh yeah, wow.

There's no wonder about, you know, politic.

Like they think politicians rate everything right there.

There's grift, there's graft, um, you know, yeah, exactly.

Matt, with the credibility thing there, um,

there's gr there's graft, all this stuff.

So it's like, no, this is locked away.

Like that makes it kind of special, unique,

even more believable that could really exist, right?

But even then, going back to like letting the host

be skeptical for the viewer, it's unfathomable.

Um, you know, I know,

and also this is dimensionalization, right?

Well, what is the $150 trillion? What does that mean to me?

Well, you pay off the national debt four times over.

You can take a hundred percent stake in every company on the

Nasdaq and buy every private

home in the United States, right?

Or if you divide it by number of households,

each family would get a check for 1.1 million, right?

Um, so it's like, the things I like with this part would be,

again, dimensionalization.

Like, so you make a claim

for anything, any niche, any market, right?

Doesn't have to be financial. It could be in health,

could be in biz op, could be in

gadgets, whatever it is, right?

It is it going deeper, right?

Because there's an abstract and there's a specific, right?

So $150 trillion is a wow IPO number.

But like, what does that mean for me?

I can't really imagine $150 trillion.

And basically nobody on this call

or on earth can really imagine it.

We think we can, but we can't. Right? Huge number.

So it's like, okay, well here's what that would mean. Okay.

That's more believable. That's more believable.

Or that's more understandable. Relatable.

Relatable, relatable, right?

Um, as we go down here, like, um, another note I wanna make

as I go through this, and I, and I'll open up for any other,

you know, comments or questions people have or,

or thoughts, um, is just a reminder

of another thing I've talked about.

This is also true for any sort of VSL,

whether it's a financial one like this, where there's a host

and an expert, or it's just a spokesperson.

I've said this for years, uh, I think Nick, I've told,

I've talked to you about it and kind of taught you this

of health, but it's like, let the,

letting the spokesperson be the skeptic

for you or for the viewer.

For the prospect, right?

So the great thing about a host format is the host gets

to be skeptical.

Like, well, that's a big number.

Well, why, why haven't I heard of it? Right?

All the things that there are objections, but also

because he, the,

I think this is a really underrated component

of like good copy that nobody,

I've never heard people talk about besides me, really.

But like, it's, there's value to it.

I really believe is if the host is being skeptical, then me

as the prospect, I can let my mind my guard down, right?

I don't have to be as guarded

because I'm like, all right,

the host is kind of doing the hard work for me.

He is asking the questions I was gonna ask.

So like, I don't have to keep thinking, I don't,

I don't have to keep trying to poke holes in this.

'cause the host or the spokesperson, whoever it is,

is poking holes for me, right?

So as a quick parallel, if you're doing health copy

and you're like, you know, and I,

someone told me about this like, ingredient that, you know,

has amazing benefits, and you're like, I was skeptical.

So like, now an herb is gonna help

with blood sugar, whatever it is, right?

But they started showing me studies

and apparently, right, blah, blah, blah.

Like you're, you know, they're being skeptical.

Like, okay, cool, this worked on paper,

but what it really worked in real life, right?

So you can see that a spokesperson in a health thing,

but also like a host

and like a sort of video like this, right?

Um, and then like again, hey, you can feel good about this.

This isn't a handout. You're not gonna be some, like,

it's almost giving like Nick's comment on entitlement.

It's almost like giving them permission

to feel entitled, right?

Because you're like, it's not a handout, it's not, you know,

COVID relief checks, which the, the right kind

of like looks down on sort of,

because I got a bunch of them from, uh,

not the personal ones from my businesses,

but whatever, um, right chance for the average American

to become richer than they ever imagined.

Um, and then let me just go, uh,

there's a little bit further

and then I'll, I'll pause on this.

Um, no one's mentioned this trust fund

about social security, right?

Everyone on the right believes social security is sort

of f****d.

Um, mentioning bad guys, right?

Um, and then comparing the bad guys for the,

if you're on the right to like the hero, right?

Trump's Supreme Court, right?

Not just Supreme Court, trump's Supreme Court, right?

So it's like, or the Good Guys Supreme Court, right?

Um, and then, yeah, I mean it has it here in the subtitle

for the text version, a new homestead act.

When you look at this Homestead Act thing

with Lincoln, what is this doing?

I mean, it ties in, I'm sure lands and mining

and whatever as we go, but it's also like, um, it,

it sets precedent, right?

Because you're like, oh, this couldn't happen.

Like, oh, it's happened before.

And again, going back to the audience watches like, uh,

you know, American homesteaders, whatever it's called,

there's like the got people in Alaska who get homestead, um,

like my, all that kind of stuff that people

who are conservative, 55, 60 plus men would be into like,

they're aware of Homestead.

Um, they're like f****d out.

Like I've thought about it before. I'm like, man, like

I wish I could just get, you know, 160 acres of free land.

Like it's crazy. We did that, right?

Um, and so like it,

and Affinity topic is an area of interest,

but also it's like, Hey, look, this has happened before.

Why couldn't it happen again? Right?

You still had a chance to make over 1000 times their money.

Right? Okay. Wow. That happened before, right?

So, um, those are some of my thoughts. But yeah.

Matt, I saw you. I see you're on muted.

Do you wanna share anything else on this part here?

Uh, I just think it does a real good job. Yeah.

Addressing the concerns

and still kinda keeping that storytelling element.

Like at no point does the, does the information feel stale?

Um, it just feels well.

Um, but yeah, the promo does devote the first bit

of this interview is almost all just objection,

smashing for the most part.

And then they get back into like the rest

of the story, which is interesting.

'cause that's not typical either, I don't think,

for a financial promo.

Yeah, I think like from,

and again, you know, being your experience at Agora running

traffic for this and another financial promo, I was like,

you know it better than me.

I feel like I observed, like,

there's a little bit of it, right?

There's sort of like, wait a minute, you're saying there's

this big opportunity and the

person's like, that's right Tom.

And then, but it's not like, it's not like,

like it really is very like a lot

of objection smashing in this section, right?

Yes. Yeah. Yeah, for sure.

Um, I think it also helps that like,

this is a truly unique idea, right?

Yeah. Like we had like ai, like next Nvidia,

and now everyone's got on this Doge thing,

we've got like seven Doge promos and like, you know, six

or seven Trump promos.

Like there's no shortage of people trying to capitalize on,

you know, the news cycle and the zeitgeist.

Um, and it feels like usually it's all just mediocre, right?

And it takes like actually a really good unique

idea to rise above.

So like, this idea actually intersects with

the news cycle in a way.

Like, you know, but if you're scrolling

through your Facebook feed, like, I mean,

I get this crap all the time,

but you know, I see all these ads for all the competitors of

Paradigm and they're just like not interesting, right?

Like, it's just like basically regurgitating some like

semi-interesting promise with some lipstick on it.

So, uh, I feel like that's a big piece of it too.

And when they say such a big idea, you can kind of do that,

like smash you across the head with a big idea

and then address all of your objections, right?

But it has to be a big novel, interesting,

new thing in order for that to work.

You know?

Totally Have that dynamic in this case

where like the idea is so big that like, that's

what people want is the objection smashing, like right away.

They don't wanna be sold anymore or told the story.

That's kind of my take on it.

Yeah, I like it. I mean, we've talked about this with, um,

even if it's like a text letter at the caveman pages I've

talked about in the past where it's like, even

for consumer prophecy performance golf does it, like

what is it, how do I hit my driver further?

Like how does it work? Blah, blah, blah. Right?

And it's almost like you're doing a little bit

of caveman questions in here.

It's just a parallel. But, but yeah, I think, um,

as far it's interesting to, to go

to the objection handling it so fast.

It's really, I might experiment with that in VSLs

and other niches too, because I,

it is really interesting, um,

Once it gets past this copy, right?

It's very rich.

So like it's for no shortage of material that they went

with this format, um, right.

A lot of story to be told.

So it feels pretty thoughtful that he did it this way.

Yeah, absolutely. Nick, I saw you're unmuted

as well in this, uh, what, what do you got?

What do you wanna add? What,

Uh, I think, I think probably something just from,

uh, copywriter's perspective, something that I admire

was the way that the copywriter, uh, Um, unwind

the transubstantiation.

So he's basically setting up,

'cause the entire, the entire lead

and the entire idea is based on transubstantiation,

which just means you're using a metaphor to talk about,

to take dry material and make it interesting.

So basically mineral, right?

Companies that own mineral rights

in certain federal lands that are getting opened up

'cause of the Supreme Court, that's,

you're calling it America's Secret Trust fund.

You know, it's like, so, so you're using this giant metaphor

to make this into a big idea, but very slowly

and subtly the copywriter is unwinding it.

He's unwinding it so

that when he finally reveals this isn't a fund,

there's no raw money, there's no cash, you know,

we're not so, so as much as he is at the same time

that he is answering objections, he is also unwinding

and getting closer to what the trust fund actually is.

So it's kind of a, um, so when he says it's not free checks,

he's also saying it's not money that's gonna be distributed

to people and all this stuff, right?

So what he is actually doing is getting closer

to telling you what it is.

Yeah, yeah. But also unwinding it from it

from the whole fund thing.

So one of the key things that I saw on the is

that he goes from calling it a fund to an asset.

So you'll see it like really kinda subtly, he,

he changes the, the, the language.

And he says like the, at one point, I don't know

what line it is here, but he says the raw value

of this a of this fund.

And it's like, do funds have raw values? Like, wait, right?

Right. But you don't really pick up on that.

He is very subtly

and he keeps on saying, this is much different.

It's much different. It's much,

it's not this, it's not that.

And then finally he gets down to saying, asset

this $150 trillion asset.

So basically he is, he is, he is,

he is slowly answering objections,

but also he's unwinding the metaphor

so that when he finally does reveal,

and that's why the, the, the, the body copy section

where he, where he talks about homesteading is

so important, right?

Because he, he, he very subtly basically says

that, you know, people

could have bought land right?

And made a thousand times their money.

So that's a setup for basically saying like, this is

what we're gonna talk about later. Yeah, it's almost

Pre-selling the mineral rights thing a little bit like as

Exactly, yeah. There's,

there's very subtle hints at like selling you

that you can make money off of buying land, basically.

Um, so on top of that, I'd just say, you know,

these, these big idea promos, a lot of them tend to have

nostalgia, um, built into them.

So like nostalgia for a previous way of life

in America and where, where America was ripe

with opportunity and,

and kind of calling back.

So to me, this is like, so the guy

who wrote this promo is a long time Stansberry copywriter,

and then he went on to be the copy chief at Legacy.

But this is, to me, this is a Porter Stansberry idea.

Like a lot of Porter's ideas tend to have this type of,

like, all these things are kind of built into 'em.

So a good, i a good example is like one

of his earliest promos where was, uh, there's a new railroad

being, you know, being built across America right now

and it's making people rich.

And what that really was,

he was talking about fiber optic cables underground

and connecting, you know, cities

and for the computer age and stuff.

But he, the metaphors that he used like hearkens back

to a Time of America where opportunity was ripe

and it really hits, it really does hit with this market.

Um, so you'll see that again, again

and again in Porter promos.

So it kind of makes sense to me that

this copywriter's also making use of it for this idea.

Um, so

Yes, that's cool. Yeah,

I was just gonna note, just back to like the sort of

boiling the frog metaphor or the lobster or whatever,

but I guess they say boiling the frog,

although I don't know that many people who boil frogs, um,

'cause you know, even this one little line here, right?

You notice it and a chance for a few little known companies

to become household names in the years ahead.

Like there's even that's just a little like breadcrumb,

you know, like for like investing companies.

But then it's all back to here

and we're gonna keep going a little bit more.

We'll do not gonna go do the whole vs on this call.

We'll do another, you know, uh, 10 minutes

of it, five, 10 minutes of it.

Um, but let's, let's look at, let's go fund you see 28 times

and let's go asset five times, right?

So yeah, right here, right Nick,

and we were talking about, I know we're jumping ahead

for people haven't gone through it,

but tell, unlock this massive asset, right?

Yeah. You'll see release this fast hundred

$50 trillion asset.

So I think that's a cool observation from you.

Um, but yeah, it's really interesting how

that, that work happens too.

So lemme scroll back up here.

Um, and then,

yeah, I mean, XOs right here too,

but that I was doing the search, but, um,

but also it is a repeat of the promise.

I wanna note that too. Repetition is important, right?

If you look at the $150 trillion trust fund, right?

Repetition, this is a headline, right?

But, um, like you've got this, uh, you know,

headline about the one 50 trillion for the text version

of it, um, 150 trillion in counting.

Like, it's almost like, let's just search for 150,

so like 15 times throughout it says $150 trillion, right?

So just as like a repeat of like, there's,

there is good repetition that's important.

Sometimes people lose sight of that.

And the story, especially in the story one, to that point

to the point, Matt, you've been making

and make of like you're, you're telling a story,

there's all this rich material and it's easy sometimes

for a copywriter or marketer to like get

so excited about everything that they kind

of get away from what the core promise was.

So it's really good that it keeps being anchored in

that's actually a really, um, underrated thing

as well, right?

Um, but let's go, keep going for like five minutes.

We'll pause, we'll do like maybe one more dissection

and then we'll, uh, you know, probably pop stop it there.

We can always, everyone will have links to the transcripts,

uh, and the video cell and everything.

So it's another five minutes or so,

The Supreme Court decision,

it will soon release this vast $150 trillion asset.

And just like we saw with those 160 acres of farmland,

it's not the government that will profit, it's the investors

that act on this opportunity.

And who may that be? Well, I'm talking about the businesses

who get a jump on this. And the,

Just real quick, actually, back to

what you were just saying too, Nick, because

it's right there, right?

It's not the government, it's the investors

who act on this opportunity, who jump on this opportunity.

And it's like the businesses regular folks.

So like suddenly the investors is coming in.

So right now it's not just like, hey,

free money that you're getting.

It's like, it's the investors who jump on this,

the businesses and the regular folks.

So like to your point on that trans substantiation aspect,

like you seem starting to do it now.

I'm hyper aware to it, so I really

appreciate you pointing that out. But yeah,

In the lead, more things like in the lead, you know,

in order to pull somebody in, you have to make it feel

as though it's hand and it's like

money in your hand, cold, hard cash,

Right? And

you're entitled to, and then it's like,

as the promo goes on, it's getting farther

and farther away from that.

But he is also, you know, doing enough

to get you hooked in. So yeah,

And just as like a reminder for everyone here, like it is,

like, so I say the lead so important,

like if you can keep people hooked for the first, like three

to five minutes of a VSL, then like you can,

and I'm not saying there are sins in this, I mean,

it's fine, but like you can get away with a lot

of sins if someone, it is that, like if someone will stay

for three minutes, they're probably gonna stay for like 12

to 15 minutes, and if you get them to 12 to 15 minutes,

they'll probably stay for like 20,

30 minutes, whatever it is.

So it's like really to that point of buying, selling them

what they want, giving them what they need.

But you can apply that to copy as well,

where it's like the lead is just telling you,

I've said this, I've said this before too,

but the lead, the opening is really just like,

and curiosity is important,

and then it's really like an

advertisement for the rest of the sales letter.

So all you're trying to do is sell them on engaging

the rest of the copy, right?

Engaging the rest of the VSL, the rest of the sales letter

or the rest of the whatever it is.

Um, and so it makes sense.

Uh, last thing, sorry, sorry,

last thing I think is important is that, um, you know,

there's not much, you know, from,

from this is actually a pretty safe promo.

So the difference between this promo

and the check promos that went out at Agora back, you know,

uh, they stopped around 2018 and they got in trouble.

But like the difference is, is that he reveals what it's,

he reveals what he's talking about in the promo

and he even has Jim do a line where he is like,

I'm just putting it in terms so that, so

that typical Americans can

understand what I'm talking about.

And that's basically where he said,

that's why I called it a funk,

but really what I'm talking about is this, right?

So because he does that in the promotion, it actually makes

the claims and this promotion very safe

because right, even if you had to go to court

or something over copy like this, you could basically say,

look, we said it right in there.

It's, it's a metaphor, right?

Know I talk exactly about what it is.

Um, whereas in previous promotions,

they kept it blinded the entire time

and made people feel like they're gonna get a check from the

government, you know, a patriot check or,

or a Trump bonus check or whatever it is.

And that's why they got in trouble.

So anyways, just, just, you know, different

copywriting strategy.

We can confirm on the ad side that it's, we ran that, um,

Rickard had another really big promo leading up

to the election, um, that we also ran

and we were dealing with tons of ad disapproval issues, um,

ad ad accounts going down.

And with this promo we've had some of that

as when you scale this fast, that happens,

but it's been pretty tame.

Um, and I think it's 'cause the idea is fairly compliant.

Like it's not Yeah, super big promise.

It kind of detaches the claim from the promise pretty well.

Yeah, makes sense. That's cool.

And also, let's watch a couple, few more minutes

Advantage. They could come

out way ahead, only in this case,

you don't have to uproot your family

or endure months of backbreaking labor.

You don't even have to write your congressman

or fill out a form with a small investment.

You could set your family up for generational wealth.

All that sounds incredible, but

there's a hole in this story.

What is this national endowment

and where's the money coming from?

Far as I know, the government isn't cutting million dollar

checks or giving away land.

Well, you're right, president Trump is freeing up

something far more valuable than land on

a scale we've never seen before.

But before we get to that, I'm wondering

where on earth could the federal government store such a

huge endowment at the, at the Federal Reserve?

No, the Fed manages about $6.8 trillion in assets,

which is nothing compared to this.

Take a look. It's held on deposit across all 50 states.

516 billion is here in the Salton Sea area of California.

$3.1 trillion is held in Nome, Alaska,

and 7.35 trillion is here in Midland, Texas,

Seven plus trillion dollars in Texas alone.

But how do we know the government to just sell it off?

You know, I was just thinking about Fort Knox.

It holds 147 million ounces of US gold reserves.

But is it still there?

The government hasn't allowed an audit since,

Since 1953.

Oh, I see what you're getting at. How do we know this?

$150 trillion endowment still exists.

Aaron, I can't vouch for the goal of Fort Knox,

but this national trust is different.

Unlike aachi of gold,

they can't sell it off with a push of a button.

That's a key reason why it has grown untouched for so long.

But I believe all that's about

to change starting as early as the summer.

Now we're getting somewhere. So we're not talking about a

pile of stocks, cash bonds, real estate, gold bars.

That's right. And it's not an actual trust fund

or endowment like you've seen before.

It's not earmarked for any specific individual.

I'm just trying to use terminology

that will make the most sense to viewers.

That's why very few people know about this.

And here's the thing, if you're over age 50,

what happens next could be your final chance

to build generational wealth.

That's why it's critical.

You know what's happening and how you can profit.

So I'm beginning to see the big picture.

But if this endowment is as huge as you say, why

so few people heard about it,

It's beyond the imagination of most people,

including most officials employed by the federal government.

But Americans who stake even a modest claim

with a small investment, could see an explosion

of wealth in the years ahead.

There will be surprising political effects as well.

Political effects. What do you mean by that?

Well, Donald Trump could become a national hero, one

of the most powerful presidents in memory.

I wouldn't be surprised if his face gets

chiseled into Mount Rushmore.

Were mortalized on the new $1,000 Bill Trump

On par with Washington, Lincoln and Roosevelt.

Look, Aaron, I can tell from the look

in your face what you're thinking. It,

It seems crazy, but that's why I invited you to join us.

Over the past decade, we've seen dozens

of off the wall predictions,

and we've done our best to poke holes in them.

But when we investigated your record, Jim,

an astounding number of your predictions have proven right.

Few believed you back in 2008 when you warned

of a looming stock market crash.

But that's precisely what happened. Stocks created 53%.

Then in 2016,

you said Trump would become our next president.

At the time, polls gave him a one or 2% chance,

but again, you were right.

Then came 2020. And we all know what happened that year.

But few people saw it coming

and hardly anyone listened to you when you warned

of the coming pandemic and lockdowns when it comes

to President Trump, you've been flawless.

You were one of the few people

who knew he'd become president in 2016,

and last year you predicted he'd win in an electoral

landslide, including the exact number

of electoral votes he'd received.

It's uncanny. But your latest call, it's something else.

Well, I don't blame you if you think about it.

New prediction sounds a bit crazy.

No one has a reference point for this

because nothing like it has happened in more than a century.

Now, this might sound like it's coming outta left field,

but I promise it will all make sense in a minute.

Do you remember when Trump spoke?

All right, I'll pause here.

Um, couple more things I wanted

to note on this section here.

Uh, I mean, I pointed out to the businesses thing,

and again, that promise of, you know,

you could set your family up for generational wealth, right?

So that's good. Um, back to the objection from the host,

but there's a hole in this story, right?

Very clearly, like clear objection.

So as a viewer, I don't have to be skeptical.

He's being skeptical for me, right? Where is it?

Um, back to Trump as the hero right here,

and obviously way more of Mount

Rushmore and the thousand dollars bill.

Um, you know,

this is interesting like that Texas, right?

There's this opportunities here. Um, Fort Knox ing, right?

That was like Elon and Doge,

and they were talking about Aing Fort Knox.

So that's very topical. There's a lot of like knowledge.

Again, there's a good understanding of

what people on the right are like talking about

or have talked about or have heard recently,

like the zeitgeist for the right, which is again, going back

to awareness and understanding your market importantly,

like they were talking about Aing Fort Knox, right?

Well, um, here we have it, you know, um,

starting as early as this summer, we get

to some sort of like urgency.

Okay? Like, well, s**t,

I wanna make sure I'm cashing in on this.

It's gonna start this summer. Um, you know,

it's not a metaphor endowment where you kind

of talked about Nick and and

Matt for the compliance side of it.

And I thought this was really interesting.

Do you guys notice when he just turns

and talks directly to the camera for that one part?

It's like an interview, right? They're talking kind

of side profile when Jim Ricketts turns

and just says like, directly to the camera,

if you're over 50, what happens next?

Could be your final chance to build generational wealth.

Like, there's a very, that's very, that's

So cringe to that's So I like it.

I, I wrote, I wrote a,

I wrote a interview style promo when we were recording it.

There was like a moment where I was like, I hate this stuff,

but you might as well turn to the camera at this point

and just, you know, talk directly to the camera.

And, and I remember going over it and editing

and I was just like, God, this is the worst.

I can't say,

I don't know, it's a good pattern interrupt.

It all depends on the setup, I think, right?

Like, that could be done very,

that could be executed very poorly

and dramatically take away from

the copy if not used in the right spot.

But, you know, given the right setup

and the right placement, that obviously works

with this particular promo.

Yeah. Yeah, a hundred percent.

Um, more objections,

why people not heard about it right here.

Um, you know, if a small investment, again,

so now we're kind of transitioning into like

investing, see, explosion of wealth.

Um, and then this political

effects thing is interesting, right?

And then Donald Trash, uh,

Donald Trump could become a national hero.

So again, if you're on the right

and you're voted for Trump, I, we talking

before like how you were right?

Everything you believe is being validated, right?

You were right to be adamantly pro-Trump, pro maga.

Um, he could be a hero. They talked about

this on Twitter, right?

Or X about doing Trump, uh, Trump's face in Mount Rushmore.

They talked about him, uh,

on a thousand dollars bill on X, right?

So these are all things that if you're like,

I'm, I'm familiar of all these things.

They aren't just like random claims like

that the guy's making up.

So like, these are actually all things

that people in the right have said on x.

And oh, we should do. I think somebody like a congress

person did, like a random House

of representatives person did like an amendment

to put Trump on Mount Rushmore, which didn't go anywhere.

'cause it's unlikely we're gonna get, uh, you know,

congress on board with that at this time.

Um, but like, you know, even this, right?

Your guy really is the guy like as good

as Washington Lincoln Roosevelt, right?

Um, like, and then this track record of Jim,

'cause we talked about this track record before,

but these are always, I mean,

this is common in financial promos, right?

This guy, oh, this guy called this, he called this like, oh,

you called investing in Nvidia in 2000,

you know, nine when it was here.

And then if you had done that, a thousand dollars would've

turned into like $1.3 million.

Oh, and you mentioned, what about Apple?

What about this very little known stock?

And, you know, whatever. Like, that's common.

What we're doing here is kind of interesting

because it's not at this point,

at least about stock specifically,

but it's more about like macro economics

and like macro predictions and trends, right?

But it's like, you're right about all these trends, right?

You call the market crash, that's like a

stock, more of a macro.

Then you've got, you know, the one to 2% chance, which

by the way, like when you think about that, like,

I think about like, oh, well what are the odds?

If you bet on something, like if you bet on someone

to a sports team to win, that's a one

or 2% chance, you get a great payout, right?

There's implied odds there.

I don't know if that's intentional or not,

but I thought about that

when I was looking at this copy here.

Um, you know, again, nobody like when you, uh, when it comes

to Trump, you've been flawless, right?

And we're talking about Trump, right?

Um, you know, there's the people predicting 2016,

you're predicting the electoral college.

Like, uh, when it's like, wow,

you've been right about all this stuff.

That makes me more likely to be like, wow,

maybe he's right about this too, right?

This guy seems like he's always right

and the odds are against him.

And like, again, I could, I know

that if you were timed the market,

if I timed the market here, I

would've made a lot of money, right?

By shorting the market or whatever.

Um, you know,

if I had been on Trump here in a prediction

market, I would've won right?

For COVID. Well, if I had timed like my investments.

So there's a lot of like, almost like very subtle,

but like, you know, I'm thinking about

how I could have made money if I could have seen the future

and this guy could see the future.

He told me this is the future, told

me I can make money from the future.

It all kind of comes together. Um,

I think, I think the placement

of the credibility section on this promo is

also very intentional.

So it's actually misplaced from

where you would find it traditionally.

So like typically in financial promos, you'd have the lead

that would kind of like tease

and lay out sort of like this opportunity.

And then the person would introduce themselves

and we'd go through their cri

and we'd say what predictions he is done in the past.

But like in this promo, they do the lead,

they introduce a little bit of cred,

but they save most of it, most of his predictions

and that credibility for later

after they've already kind of

dug into like the historical precedent and all this stuff.

So typically the promo, you know, would be lead guru cred

and then historical precedent.

But they do it, you know,

the copyright made an intentional decision here to, to wait.

And I think, I think personally the reason why he waited is

because he's about to drop the fact that it's mining.

So he wanted to like, he wanted to like, probably be like,

let me just get right up into the point where I'm about

to reveal what it is, and then I'll just drop all

of Jim's credit about

how he's been right about so many things.

So that the, so that it will kind of lessen the, the bone,

the, the disappointment kind of, or yeah, like that.

So that's what I think could be,

but that's kind of what I see. So

That feels like a good observation.

Yeah, I agree. I like that.

Um, and let's get to the part where they do

reveal that it's fine.

Again, you all have the link

and I'll put it in the replay as well,

so you can come back and read it.

Um, you know, we talked about the Freedom cities thing,

national Endowment, um, right?

Why did somebody new City spring to life

during the 19th and early 20th century?

I know why. What does have to do with mining perhaps, right?

San Francisco, Denver, Houston, salt Lake, Birmingham.

Lot of people leave everything they, everyone they know

to move hundreds of thousands of miles away.

Ties back to the story, right?

San Francisco is a sleepy village. Um, the gold rush, right?

So getting more and more kind of like here,

uh, into mining, right?

Birmingham natural resources,

Denver gold Fever in the railroads, Houston Giant oil field,

um, and explosion, mineral wealth,

rain down over our nation.

And anyone, a modest means could

state the claim to strike a rich.

Okay? So the gold rush of the 21st century. Um,

So here's the difference, right?

Is that to me, what a b level copywriter in financial

would do would start there,

Right?

That would be the starting point idea of this promo

for a b-level copywriter would be the new gold rush,

you know, of blah, blah, blah, that,

that Trump just unlocked.

Yeah. Or like something like that.

He would be too close to the idea

and he wouldn't give it enough room to breathe.

It wouldn't be big enough.

So that's kind of the difference I think, between

somebody like this copywriter that's been in the game

for 20 years, uh, at Stansberry and stuff, and,

and guys that have been doing it for, you know,

five, six years or something.

Just different.

Yeah, for sure. I mean, that makes a lot of sense to me.

I agree with that. Um,

and for everyone, you know, following along, like,

so this is where we suddenly get into

like, you know, gold rush, right?

Blah, blah, blah. We haven't seen a real mining boom in our

lifetime, but last time happened in America, like

so many people cashed in a phrase was even

to described it, rice to riches.

Um, and that's what happened once again, right?

So now we start getting into mining, but we're also tied

to like, it's not just about the minerals,

it's what they power, right?

Nvidia chat, CPT, military weapons, freedom cities,

um, you know, all that.

But we're gonna pause here in a minute.

I wanna, I wanna say, just to really hammer on my point,

if I'm gonna look at like, uh, like History channel, sorry.

Uh, like let's just go like, like I,

I just feel like mining all this s**t.

Like, like just if you

go look at like, like what's on History

Channel, I even know all of them.

Like there's the curse of Oak

Island, let's open that, right?

Um, history's greatest mysteries,

but I'm basically trying

to get at is like, I don't even know.

These are main shows on the channel.

I like what's on right now.

Like, like history, uh, channel uh,

schedule today, right?

This is what you schedule today. Let's see if this shows it.

But literally, like this is like one

of their top shows, right?

Is I've heard it before, the Chris of Oak Island.

It's these people like that are really using the mining like

pit to try to find like gold and silver

and other metals that are previously detected.

So when I go back to like some of like the kind of like,

you know, uh, like what people will leave here,

there's Chris of Oak Island, like you,

you see literally just like, they're,

they're just slamming you if this show, which is about like,

mining and hidden treasures and stuff like that.

So, I don't know, there's thing

interesting about that as well.

Um, and it's up just history

channel probably, it's probably History Channel too.

I don't watch cable like television.

Um, whatever channel plays Gold Rush and Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Those shows homesteaders, there's like the new Opal one.

'cause we have, there's like an opal like

minor, oh, they're mining show.

Yeah. Yeah. It's like, what's it called?

Outback opal hunters.

I dunno what challenge that's on, but like, it's sort

of like, there's like a huge whole thing is

like mining and finding treasure.

So again, there's, there's like a level of market awareness

that's sort of underrated in a way.

Um, but very interesting

I think too for this, this promotion.

But I noticed, I got, I read up to the offer section

and I think, um, what he does well is

he makes it, he takes it from being a rational,

like pure opportunity investment.

Uh, you know, like you're gonna increase your money.

Like he has all that in there.

He gives you the baseline that he returns to again

and again of how this could make you a lot of money.

But in my opinion, he, he lowers the entry level.

He lowers the barrier to entry to like, I,

I think it's 500 bucks.

And I think essentially what you get here is you're not,

it is like you're not, by the time you're, you're

by the time you finish it, you feel like, I'm excited

to invest in this just to say that I,

so I can go tell my friends that I invested in this thing,

like these, these mineral deposits that Trump, or

Maybe it's, yeah, maybe it's as simple as they want

to be able to go and tell their friends about it.

Yeah. Like, it's so interesting that they want to go

and tell their conservative friends about it

or share that Facebook post

and, um, they become the authority

if they buy the product. So,

And the thing is, you know, you have to remember

that we're not, we're just

getting them interested enough to buy so

that they can figure out what it's, you know?

Mm-hmm. So like a lot, 90% of the people that do this,

probably 98% of the people

that bought this front end are not actually going

to invest in those companies.

They just want the information so they can close the loop.

Because after you get into the product

and you get the report, it all becomes very

real and rational.

And now you're reading about mining companies Yeah.

In their, in their, you know, balance sheets. Yeah.

And all this stuff. And like,

and it's no longer fun, you know, it's no longer this thing

that, but essentially I think why they're buying here is

'cause it's kinda like he, he makes it in an evo,

it's an emotional investment, you know?

It's, it's an, it's, it's investing in Trump

and it's investing in America

and it's investing in, it's, it's, it's this idea

of being a, a modern day homesteader, you know?

And like all these things that just kind

of opens up your imagination

of what you're doing with your money.

It's the same reason why people buy coins, you know, like

memorabilia, all that stuff, you know,

it taps into that same,

We, uh, I,

I have never personally worked on such an explosive promo.

Um, I think everything we talked about,

about the promo being really good holds true,

but I don't think that's the entire reason I does like in,

you know, week 7, 8, 9, whatever it is of Trump's residency,

uh, the narrative is turning against him.

Um, even like,

well obviously the left narrative is against him,

but now I think it's so against him that it's got a lot

of these people who voted for him feeling hung out to dry.

And that is an emotion, like that emotion of hope.

Like we always talk about like fear being the most, uh,

potent emotion, especially in financial to like poke at.

Um, but maybe hope in the right context is

like even more powerful.

Um, we, on the third day

that we were running this promo, it did just short

of 500 sales on Facebook.

So it went from zero to 500 in

less than 72 hours.

I've never seen anything like that in my life.

And the CPAs were insanely low too.

It was just like literally couldn't not,

couldn't screw it up.

Tom, I don't know if you're paying attention,

Tom's on this call, he was running the ads.

Um, we've seen really good promos.

I've seen, I've had my hands on some bangers,

but to be able to get to 500 orders in a few days

and not even be close to the target CPA is pretty nuts.

Yeah. Tom's just,

not Tom being himself, but he is just basically nodding.

He's just like, yep, Tom's

Just nodding. Yeah.

Tom's just grinding away.

Tom's like, yeah, he is trying to get to

to 3000 front of us for the day.

He's 2000, 5,000. Yeah, there you go.

No, but I, I do think that's a great point.

I think there's so much to that of, um, just validation

of like, Hey, you, you're, you're winning.

You made the right decision. Your guy's looking out for you.

Yes, you're gonna be right and they're gonna be wrong.

I think this is a lot of power to that.

And the timing is perfect timing

because now I think those people feel vulnerable.

Um, and we, 'cause we ran that election meltdown offer

and we saw, I mean the, the support for Donald Trump

on Facebook runs insanely deep,

like insanely deep.

We could rack up 10,000 comments on one

of these ads potentially.

And it's all generally like rah rah, pro-Trump, like share

with, you know, Elsa, Jean Meyers, um, tag,

you know, all these,

all these boomers have three name

Facebook names. Um, they

Do, We kind of saw that pre-election, like how deep

and true and pure the support was.

It was pretty eye-opening to like really see it

'cause like, you know, it, but to actually see those

comments and to see the people interacting

with the ads really drove it home.

So I think that's kind of the seed of, uh,

the hypothesis on why this is doing so well now.

'cause it's those same people now, you know,

two months later or whatever.

When you saw that for your election, were you like,

oh s**t, Trump's gonna win.

For sure. Did you feel very confident Trump winning

or were you still, were you not sure when you saw that level

of support on Facebook? Did you,

How you Yeah, I, I felt pretty confident.

Yeah, for sure. It was a very bullish signal.

I mean, there was, it was the amount of sharing

that was happening on our ads and engagement.

Like that's, we, I, I can't remember,

but I feel like the first ad that we launched within like,

you know, spending a hundred bucks,

it had a hundred comments on it or something like that.

Just like, you know, absolute catnip for the people.

Yeah. So interesting. I just wanna go back

and do my, my Southern beauty.

I like this. I, you're kinda newer.

I'm talking about, I have like a beauty brand,

but it's like southern beauty and it's this whole idea

of like, like the only thing the coastal elites love more

than talking s**t about us is telling us

that we should like look like them too.

You know, like look and dress like them and act like them.

And so it's sort of like this sort of

buy over of skincare, right?

And it's sort of like American made American ingredients,

do the terrorists, I think f*****g crush.

I, I keep, I've been putting it off

but bought the trademark for it.

But I think with that topical, yeah, I don't know,

there's something so interesting about this sort of

tribal politics

but then apply to like a broader context

that can just do so well.

It's really interesting, man. That's cool.

Anyone else have any, any questions or anything, um, or,

or thoughts or observations before we wrap up today's call?

Again, I, I'll, I'll make sure the links include the replay.

We need to go through all of it, but I think it was cool

to just, hopefully even if you're, you know, again,

I'm not financial, but I love to just study things

that are working and why are they working

and what are good elements in them and everything there.

So, um, I dunno if anybody else has anything before we wrap.

If not, no big deal.

If you do, feel free to put in the chat

or unmute yourself real quick to go once.

I'll just make a comment. Good.

Patrick, the copywriter, I've never worked

with a copywriter in like 10 years

of doing basically fin pub media buying.

I've never worked with a copywriter that's even close to

as involved in grinding away at secondary copy Patrick Sin

or like, he's doing rock images of like Donald Trump

and JD Vance looking like Roosevelt and Lincoln

and we're getting new copy every day.

Um, and new ideas, not just like rehashed copy, like full on

new angles and you can tell

that this dude is putting in three, four hours a day just

to support scaling this promo.

Which I don't know, I feel like I used to work

with copywriters when promos are big

and the they just come to my desk right.

And be like, what do you want? Right? What do you need?

Yeah. It's like, obviously I need more ads and more angles.

Um, so I think that's a, a shout out to his like

grinding and you know, it's, the idea is one thing,

but then in order to really make it work, like it's a,

it's an ongoing project.

Yeah. I love that. That's a great observation.

And that's cool to hear that too

'cause um, yeah man, I don't know, there's

so many copywriters who don't do

that, you know, they're so like lazy.

It's like, all right, here it is and now it's in your hands.

But that's cool. All right. Sweet. Anything else guys?

Oh, uh, what's

Going on? It's also thing when you're making

a probably a,

I imagine if Patrick probably commands around a six

to 7% royalty on the front end, given

that he was a copy chief before.

So when you're making that much in a royalty,

Do those get structured on net revenue?

Is that how those get paid out?

Uh, yeah. Net rev. Yeah. So revenue after refunds. Yeah.

Okay. So Patrick's pretty happy right now is

what we're, is what we're trying to say.

Absolutely. Patrick's Patrick's happy.

Of course, of course. They're like,

it's all incentives, man.

If you don't, if you don't have a, if you don't have a, it's

so much easier to be incentivized when you have a promo

and you have a royalty on that promo that's crushing.

You have a high percentage royalty too,

because he is been, you know, he is been a senior copywriter

for a long time and I know he, he runs an internal, he used

to be the, the copy chief at Legacy,

but they closed Legacy Down Porter did.

Um, but now he runs an internal agency inside of Agora

and they all write and he runs a team that basically writes

for all the individual pups.

Oh. So it's not like, it's not like he only writes for

Paradigm or only writes for Jim Rickard.

Yeah. They kind of get the piece of, they, they get to pick

and choose who they, who they wanna write for.

Interesting. Between all the different popes

and they have an internal team for that.

A lot of guys that are from Legacy, so,

So they might have a team cranking

on some of that copy too. Yeah,

That's probably the case too.

I'm sure. I'm sure Patrick's got, yeah, at least a couple

juniors that are there just doing short form and whatnot.

It's like the first time on the media buying end

where I haven't felt a need to like work angles

and creative myself.

'cause they're all just coming in.

I mean, I've worked with some

of the best in the financial space

and they obviously do well, but even relative to like Avalo

or Scott or Paul Amos, like, you know, the hustle

and the amount of copy that we're getting here is orders

of magnitude more dialed in, which is, and it's helping.

'cause we can just, Tom's got a backlog.

I don't know how deep at this point of ads.

And when everything's converting,

you just keep firing it off.

That's Dope. That's awesome, man.

That's what I, I wanna go write some financial copyright

too, but hey,

I get you pumped when you hear about a promotion

that's like doing 2000 plus orders a day

and, you know, just

Crushing. Yeah, that,

that's what I was just thinking about for Agora.

Like, it's like, um,

it's really like, uh, it's good for them, right?

We say like, this is crushing

and then they see the Patrick is making millions

and millions of dollars on for the year in royalties.

Like, I imagine everyone else gets more

hungry 'cause they all want to beat it, right?

The competition level ratchet itself.

Other people have like fomo,

so then probably like the whole bar, it's really good

for the company, right?

When you have a banger like that, it's like a Yeah.

Even though the environment's extremely cutthroat, it's like

every, well, because it's cutthroat, everyone wants to win.

So yeah, it's probably actually a really good thing.

It's probably a good time, a boom

time right now. I would guess

Something that Matt said earlier, man, uh,

I, I totally agree with.

I was just talking to some of my buddies over there

and you know, they're constantly sharing

promos of what's coming out.

And I just wrote a note, it was like, you know,

several days in a row, I was like, dude, everyone's just

rehashing ideas

that worked like three years ago, four years ago.

And like, they're not coming up with anything unique.

You know, like every, everyone's just like putting lipstick

on a pig over and over again with these promotions.

And then this comes out.

And it's funny 'cause like you've seen you, you saw a lot

of promotions like this, but it was 10 years ago.

Yes. So like, so like this comes back to like a new cycle

and kind of the sophistication of the market, you know,

where like, yeah, a lot of these types

of ideas ran years ago.

I mean, you know, you had Canadian social security,

you had Wall Retirement, 8 0 1 k, um,

you know, all these ideas that were similar to this type

of thing.

This was kind of like borders, bread

and butter type of ideas 10 years ago.

Yeah. Yeah. And then they, they changed.

They changed because tech became so hot

that it all became like technology, like, you know, uh,

tr trends and like technological

revolution and stuff like that.

And now it's like, I don't know, now Patrick comes out

with this idea that he probably would've written

over 10 years ago and that,

and if he wrote, like, he probably might've written,

written this a couple years ago and it just didn't work.

You know? Yeah. Timing and financial is so important

and a lot of people don't kind of realize that not just

what the market, what the market is doing,

but also the sophistication level

and how it tends to reset every 10 years or so.

You know, it's like, yeah. And it's not that people forget,

people forget they saw stuff like this 10

years ago, right? Like

Yeah. Our financial

prospects have been blasted to death with,

you know, right Nvidia next, ai,

Next Nvidia For the, for the past six plus months.

And it's not like the next fin pub ad they see is gonna be

the first fin pub ad they see, right?

Like, these people are probably getting blasted

with this messaging, whether it's in their inbox

or in their Facebook feed.

Um, so definitely an interesting observation.

Cool. That's good guys. All right.

I'll wrap here so we can do whatever else we gotta do.

But I enjoyed the call.

Matt, thanks so much for, for sharing insights.

Really appreciate it. Nick, thank you

as well for sharing insights.

Tom, thank you for the head nods.

Those were, those were key.

I dunno if we would've gotten through the call about the

affirmative head nods.

Shout out to Tom for being the best media buyer

in the business right now.

Um,

I know you got, I like, it's funny, I just saying

that about Jason Ku on X, but I was worried about health,

but for financial, I don't think Jason touches his

financial, so yeah, Thomas, that's awesome.

And maybe you're about than Jason too, I don't know.

But either way you're apparently doing pretty damn good.

So keep up with the good work both of you guys

and, um, yeah.

All right, cool, everyone, I'll see you guys all next week.

I'm gonna the hospital, I'm having a baby tomorrow when

induction for my wife tomorrow morning.

So good luck. Keep on posted. Thank you. Your first baby.

It'll be our second, so kind know what to expect. Hopefully.

Good luck. Thanks. All right. Bye guys. Thank you. Bye.