Alright, so let's look at our friends at Miami MD

now for a second example. I'll play same thing,

the first little start of it, and then, um,

we'll go through the script. This one's a little bit shorter, the Neuro one

was about 15 minutes, this one's about 11 minutes, okay?

Okay,

so. Probably,

obviously, you are thinking,

no, that format's a bit different, right? And it is.

It's a cool. It's actually very good. I mean, it's smart,

and it actually shows the sophistication of where we're at with VSLs

in general in 2025 and moving on into 2026 as well,

right? Uhm, and by that I mean,

a lot of, like, leads these days,

even in long-form stuff, are just, like, UGC-style,

testimonial, like, things that,

this was sort of, like, a get-ready-with-me type of style,

right? With the girl doing her makeup in front of the mirror and talking

with B-roll edited in. Uhm,

very, you know, very good ad, especially that woman,

she's, like, relatable, that Southern voice seems,

like, really authentic, uhm,

so solid, right? And so,

if, like, we, like, think about, like, a hook again,

right, for the very first beginning, don't waste your money trying to fix crepe-y

skin until you see this, right? Real fast,

simple, direct hook. Uhm,

and it kinda goes right into a question, like, does anything really work to

reverse thin crepe-y skin? Well, I need to find out for myself,

so I tested three products for 30 days straight,

so you don't have to waste your time and money on things that don't

deliver, alright? So, really,

like, this whole part here is,

like, feeling authentic,

so let's go, like, let's do another outline

here. Uhm,

the hook, micro-lead pre-hook thing is still,

like, there, right? And it's sort of,

like, lead, Thank you.

Does it cause a problem?

Yeah. Does it promise a solution?

Sort of. You know,

you won't waste your money on things that don't deliver. It kind of implies

that something will deliver. And then, yes,

educational component. Contrary in nature is

sort of more reserved for

the background story. Okay,

so, educational component.

I suppose it's like a UGC lead done

as possible. Authentic content,

uh,

in this case, uh,

reviewing popular products, uhm, Applying

that they're expensive,

saying they either don't work or work okay.

But are only a temporary fix,

right? Uhm,

right, then came March, and it was time to try Dr. J's formula,

And Dr. J explained that her formula works different because it doesn't just hydrate

the surface, uhm, So, could you say it teases a unique mechanism?

Like, uhm,

teases, uh,

a different product that did work,

uhm,

or pot isn't named.

Also,

quickly teases UMP and or UMS product.

Yeah, I was skeptical,

but I gave it a try.

Tried the product, even though I was skeptical,

and quickly got amazing results.

Others noticed, too.

So, let's take that product build and reveal, right? So,

if you're tired of dealing with this pain point,

you should try the this formula as well.

And it's gonna go to Dr. J, like, you know. Right?

So, it's gonna be like,

it's gonna be a background story, like, your, like, transitions to expert or

spokesperson I just pressed

So, I tell my patients to avoid moisturizing their paper-thin skin.

They look at me like I'm crazy. However,

I share with them the truth behind why this good skin habit makes their

crepey skin even worse. They throw away their moisturizer and never touch,

uh, them again. Okay,

so it's really like, in this case,

Um,

product comes from expert spokesperson who

will be introduced later.

Right? We don't have a really direct credibility builder here because we already did,

oh, it's Dr. J. She's a doctor, sort of implicit,

you know? It's

the contrary. In nature, uh,

Turing and Hooke, uh,

I tell people this common solution is

making the problem worse,

they think I'm crazy, but then,

Learn

more, they're, you know,

convinced. I'm right.

Right? Basically, that's sort of like what the Turing-Hooke is.

Okay? And after that,

it really just goes right into the unique mechanism in this case,

right? Because you're kind of always needing to sacrifice something,

like I said in the intro video, it can sometimes be,

you have all the elements, but they're like just, One or two sentences,

but sometimes you're sacrificing something, right? And,

you know, this is another really important point. Part of what I'm trying to

teach you to do here is to understand that as good as the structure

is, really, like,

if your goal is to,

like, swipe something, I think this will become even more apparent when we look

at the copy, the copywriting process,

using AI and stuff like that.

You're gonna see how,

So much of it is swiping or modeling off what already works to get,

sort of, like, a draft one or a version one. Uhm,

and so, like, If you have

something that you really like, you'll see.

You'll see how this works. It all comes together in some pretty sick, good,

like, good ways, okay? Uhm, so how do you guys run into UMP?

Okay. Our skin knows how to self-moisturize. In fact,

your skin has what's called natural moisturizing factors all over your body,

also known as NMFs. Think of them as automatic water sprinklers in your front

yard. They go off whenever your skin needs moisture,

keeping it hydrated and plump. Yeah, as we age,

NMFs start to malfunction. Over time, they go out of service.

So, the skin becomes dry, weak, and flaky. That's why you might find yourself

reapplying moisturizing creams often, and maybe even look to switch a moisturizer to

a moisturizer with a stronger effect. And there's so many women who almost completely

ignore their skin below their faces. A woman like Lisa,

who's 66 and looks 46 at first glance,

has paper-thin grandma skin on her hands that reveal her true age.

Then there's Julie, who could pass her 50-something in her 60s if it wasn't

for the crepey neck and cleavage. The thing

is, the skin around those delicate areas is often on display. We don't pay

nearly enough attention to it, though. We let it betray us and give away

our real age, however, this can be fixed. Just one trick,

and you'll see any grandma-looking skin could be optional.

I guess, you know,

Alright, so I guess I'm actually totally wrong on this. What I just said

is kind of wrong. I

guess you would call this like UGC lead open. I should have looked at

this before I did it, but I didn't. Uhm,

and I would sort of do like, uh,

expert-driven lead. Again, I know, annoying.

But if I actually look at That's

how theirs is, right? Like,

Super annoying,

this formatting.

Okay, there we go. Uhm,

so, like, really, Uhm,

kind of explains, UMP.

I'm curious, is there gonna be a batch of more of this? We'll see.

Yeah, as far as I say, in the lead, right?

UMP, in the lead, uhm,

kind of like, what I say, it opens up

paypoints more. So

many folks suffering from this,

like, blank,

blank, and blank,

like, right there, like, would,

you know, that's what it's like. Not

for this problem, right? Okay,

then we're gonna get back to that background story and credibility.

So Ashley does have it. That's why I was kind of wrong,

right? Um,

because we'll see here, right? Hey, I'm Dr.

Manjula Jagasothi, better known as Dr.

J to my patients. You may have seen my skincare tips and magic tips.

I use this solution myself,

and it's become a favorite among my patients, family members and girlfriends. So here

are three things you need to feed your skin to stop fibroblast failure.

Now you might notice, this is disconnected from everything above. Because they didn't even

talk about fibroblast failure.

Okay, so,

what's up with that? Well, clearly they're disconnected.

They just trying to test a new hook,

and they didn't, and then, you know, but they're keeping the rest of the

VSL before, which was when they talked about fibroblast failure.

One note to mention though,

is that realistically, a lot of women,

if we go back to awareness levels are familiar fibroblasts,

right, well, these are one of very educated consumers.

So, it's kind of like, they're able to,

like, like, honestly, I'd rather teach you this where, like, it's more tied in

to, like, what the mechanism was above,

but, like, regardless, they're still,

like, essentially, you know,

to, you could say to, like, you know, stop, like,

if they were not being, like, lazy, because they're just testing this,

you know, to, like, sort of, to get your skin to naturally repair

your, or to repair your natural moisturizing factors,

uh, you know, and eliminate crepey skin.

That's what you say instead of fibroblast filler, right? They're clearly taking an old

part of their VSL, an old mechanism, testing something above it,

right? So,

really, it's just like, okay, I'm Dr.

J, I'm an expert, right?

Uhm,

which is amazing, uh, I use it,

and so do others,

right? Like,

here's how it works, right? Now,

we did the unique mechanism problem, so here's sort of like,

what you would call education.

Let's call it product education,

right? So,

in this case, it's like, basically, you're going to share the things that

you need to feed your skin, right? Healthy dose of sugar,

there's some proof about it. Fractionated coconut oil,

there's some proof about it. Grape

seed oil is the third and final thing you need to use.

Here's some sort of proof about it. Together,

these things are great. However,

a complete formula containing all three ingredients and the proper amounts has never been

made. So, a partner of the All-Star team at Miami MD is creating an

all-in-one solution, so a smart woman like yourself can now choose over anything else

because it prevents fibroblast formation. I'm

really excited to reveal the advanced grape fix. So,

really it's like,

part of education is like, uhm,

here are the three ingredients,

uh, you need to fix

the UMP, and fix,

uh,

and like, eliminate, you know, or reduce your core pain point.

It goes one by one for each.

Shares why, what

it is. Component. Shares what the ingredients are. Ingredient or component is, what it

does, and proof that it's true.

I'm going to put it this way because I'm going to make this more,

That is legit,

you know, could be study, social proof,

etc. Because again,

in this case of studies, but like, if you were doing something like BizOp,

you wouldn't be studying like a study, but you could share a social proof,

right?

So it says back by credibility and proof elements, so we're just going to

put this here, right? It

paints a quick picture of what

happens once you combine ingredients,

components together,

i.e.

pain point solved, your best self,

you, you, you, feel,

and look amazing, and are confident,

stuff like that, right?

Then it kind of quickly goes into product buildup and reveal.

But nobody had ever combined these

ingredients, components.

Together, for,

in the right, way, so I partnered,

with, or created, uhm,

a proven company,

often I have it or I created my

own on

my own, but either way,

to create a solution

that contained all of those

ingredients, components,

and solved a problem.

the root cause of the UMP. Now

smart people just like you are already using it

and getting great results.

It's easy to use and affordable.

Okay,

so we're still kind of having similar, some of these sections are similar.

This is a little bit different, right, but it's not so crazy.

Um, so let's look at the quotes,

okay? I'm really excited to reveal advanced

crepe fix by MayMD. Contains all three ingredients,

key ingredients, and the perfect amounts to help create beautiful skin ASAP.

You'll find your skin getting stronger, a tighter day after day.

Week after week. The ladies who've already tried this are blown away by the

results. I've noticed a massive difference in the tautness and in the plumpness of

my skin. I was told the medical procedure is really expensive and kind of

scary, but it probably made a difference. My skin looks better and better.

So these are going to be testimonials, right? Testimonial number

one. Testimonial number two.

Back to Dr. J. All right,

so I've noticed a

big difference.

I looked into alternative solutions, but they were scary.

This probably made a difference in my skin. It's looking better and better trying.

There are three bottles. Smart people buy more.

Something I've talked about before with the AOV Money Clothes, I've already seen a

difference in my skin. All right. Every woman deserves to experience smooth,

youthful skin, so I've created a special discount that will now allow customers to

get started quickly and easily, which means when you order through this video right

now, you'll save $20 off the usual price. Instead of $69 a bottle,

you can try Advanced Crepe Fix for just $49. Plus,

in just a moment, I'll show you how you can save even more and

claim beautifully smooth skin for much less.

Of course, every border, Every bottle you order today is protected by our industry

best results and 60 days of course free guarantee,

which means you can try Advanced Crepe Fix, and if you don't love it,

then simply let us know and you'll pay nothing. We'll refund your entire order

with no questions asked. All your bottles will be empty and we'll still return

every panel. You can see how Advanced Crepe Fix brings thinning,

lackluster skin back to life for women of any age,

skin tone, and skin type. Feel how at ease you are with the firmer,

more youthful complexion, uh,

and you won't pay unless you absolutely love it. Just click the button below,

select the package that's right for you, and try Miami MD's Advanced Crepe Fix,

100% risk-free today. Now, I tell all the ladies who try Advanced Crepe Fix,

just apply the formula to any part of your body looking to increase age

and elderly, and let Solution do all the hard work. It's been proven to

immediately reverse fibroblast failure, restore NMFs,

and rescue crepey, crinkly skin.

However, as you know, skincare isn't always a one-and-done deal,

and the results from experience with Advanced Crepe Fix only get better over time.

So, if you want the kind of lasting transformation that turns,

I think I should just say eyes, and makes other women green with envy,

I recommend you make a healthy habit of consistently nourishing your skin with Advanced

Crepe Fix, uh, and to make that easy to do,

I've created a bigger discount pack- I've created bigger discount packages for you.

See the regular price of Vanscript Vector? It's $69 per bottle,

but if you order a single bottle through this video, you'll pay just $49

and save $20. That's already a no-brainer,

but you'll save even more when you order a 6-month supply. Instead of $49

or $69, you'll pay just $40 each, and save as a $29 per bottle,

which is the deepest discount we've ever offered. What's more,

our equally popular 3-month supply is discounted too. You'll pay just $43 a bottle,

and save over 38%. If you scroll past this video,

you'll never see this incredible offer again,

and miss your chance at younger, healthier skin for good.

So click the link below right now, and choose the package for your look

younger goals, and complete the fast and easy checkout process.

Our team will have your supply on your doorstep in 2-5 days,

so you can transfer your skin right away. By now you've seen the studies

that prove fibroblast failure is the cause of thin,

crepey skin. You've seen how advanced crepe fix works wonders for women of any

age, skin tone, and type. And as skin gets younger and healthier,

the longer you use it. Plus, your order is backed by a full 100%

money-back guarantee. So why wait? The sooner you start,

the sooner your skin transforms. Showing your skin at the beach,

lake, or pool will no longer cause a flood of shame or embarrassment.

Instead, you'll want to show off your smooth, youthful skin.

You'll want to spend more quality time with your husband or partner.

You'll want to head on dates in sexy outfits,

and you'll no longer be held prisoner by thin, crepey skin.

Just click below now, complete your order, and don't forget to choose the 6-month

supply if you want the biggest discount and youngest skin possible.

I'm Dr. J. I know you'll be amazed to discover more youthful-looking

skin very soon. Thank you for watching.

So it's like, product details,

okay, what's included, what makes it special,

unique selling propositions. You know,

I think that's probably valid there.

So let's kind of go back to our classic clothes for now.

There's not gonna be FAQs again,

especially in the shorter, medium-length ones. Oh,

where

did I do that? Damn, did I do that in the wrong place? Yeah,

I did it here, my bad. Okay,

so I have to go back to this classic structure so I didn't screw

that up. Alright, so let's do the close.

Let's look at our kind of classic close structure.

Alright, so, we

introduced the product, right? We'll

add this to it. Introducing product.

Product details. What's included, what makes it special,

and explain propositions. Okay,

right here. Then,

going back to that future pacing that we saw on Neuro,

future pacing, uhm,

you'll see your problem

day after day, week after week.

Right?

Testimonials. In

this case, it's like, let's actually do it like this, right?

Testimonial number one, uhm,

results plus dismisses other,

right, because we have discussing and dismissing other alternatives.

So it does that there. Testimonial,

I can't type it currently, number two,

results plus bought

multiple jars because smart people buy more.

I've

created this special package, you can get it quickly,

easily, and save $20 off. We

all deserve to solve our pain,

solve pain point,

so we created a special discount

where you'll get started fast and easily

and save money. I

mean, honestly, you can probably just do this here. You can probably just do

what I have. Right?

Uhm,

instead of $69, it's $40,

right, instead of X, it's Y.

I would add, though, like, I'll show you how to save

even more money. And that's just a tease

for the AOV money flows, right?

Like,

I guess there's a guarantee, right, if you don't love it.

If

you don't love your results, you don't pay.

So I'll put this up here.

First call to action, try it risk-free. Okay,

how does it work? Well, you just put it wherever you want, right? You

can see results. So,

how to use product, it's right here.

A little space there, okay.

So, lasting transformation, buy more,

right? Smart people buy more. So,

it's sort of that AOV money clause, right? If you buy more,

you get an even bigger discount, right?

So, smart

people buy more, right?

That's the whole, like, hey, you know,

you want the best results.

The best results and the most security, okay. Uhm.

Scroll by, you may miss this offer,

say goodbye to good skin forever. So, call it action,

right? So.

Think about, like, which one of these I might use.

You know. I'll just play this,

like, right? You

pass by.

You might never see the offer again.

Second, call it action.

CTA.

You see, right, what happens after they order?

CTA

will supply your doorstep 2-5 days. Remind

them of what they've seen.

They've seen the proof. Seen how their

pain point can disappear.

Uhm,

they know about the guarantee. So,

why wait to get started?

And then it's like future pacing, right?

I might steal some of this one I put for Neuro. Right?

It's a future pacing. Final

CTA, plus reminder to

get the biggest package for the biggest discount,

best results. Final

CTA. Sign off and remind them of how

they're about to enjoy a future without the pain point,

uh,

without their pain point, assuming they

take action now.

Okay? So

you might be wondering, one quick question, like, what about FAQs,

Stephan? Should we have them? Definitely can.

I would probably be testing that. I don't know if they have or not.

I can tell you one of our CA pro members on a 23

minute VSL just add FAQs and they improve conversion rates by about 10%.

Uhm,

so I mean, I really think they're worthwhile. Most people don't do them in

infeed. VSLs, like ads that are running on Facebook,

for example, by infeed, but I think they might want to consider that,

to be honest with you, uhm,

but these ones don't. So,

you know, as we go through this, again, you'll see some really cool applications

for this before you know it, but,

uhm, you kind of see how,

like, what parts are still similar,

what parts are different. All of that. A lot of the elements still remain,

but it's different.

And a lot of this, by the way, we have a whole section on

this, but one thing to note is most of the time,

when people run infeed, or medium-length VSLs,

they're most of the time are running on meta.

These days, people used to run them on YouTube more, but nowadays it's harder.

Or run long, full VSLs on YouTube,

uhm,

it's typically more content-feeling,

right? You may have noticed that with this one, it's educational,

right? That's a really important, sort of, overarching thing,

so hopefully you've watched through this to get that takeaway,

that insight. Cause like.

People are on, even on Facebook,

they're, they're like, you know,

they get news from social media now, they're interacting with friends,

they're watching influencers and content from people they like,

and so, the style and the leads,

like, that's why, I mean, I'm annoying myself for burying this point at the

end of this video, but that's kind of like why,

you know, see these formats so much. you Right,

uhm, whether it's educational or UGC stuff,

because it's like, it's native to the person's experience,

I'll talk about this when I talk about the different platform journeys and things

anyway, I guess, but, uhm, it's an important point to make as well,

so, there you go,

hope this is, uh, valuable,

I'll be doing short VSLs and short kind of video ads that are

sort of VSLs and stuff in the future, sorry to explain, but you'll see,

uhm, you know, in another section,

uh, we'll also be going through tons

of ads, hooks, a lot more content,

and then of course, you know, the sections on how to actually generate all

the copy you want to generate too, okay? Alright,

thank you so much, bye.