Hey, welcome to the section on medium length VSLs.

Originally, I wasn't planning on shooting this quick little opening video,

but I decided I was going to because there's a few important points I

want to make. So, I might repeat a few things you'll see in the

next video too, but it's worth it to make sure that I guide you

in the best way possible,

okay? So, what you're going to see in this section is two examples of

medium length VSLs that are both around between 10 and 15 minutes.

One is, uh, from Neuro, but it's not the same one that was broken

down in the previous VSL section. Uh,

the other one is from MiamiMD. Like I mentioned at the start of the

Neuro video, there's a lot of people who are doing really well with medium

length VSLs, but most of them are in Copic Starter Pro,

my mastermind, so I can't,

like, share their stuff with you,

right? Um,

but I did want to, like, make

this video for a specific reason, sorry, to think about what I was going

to say. Which is, what you'll see in, like, the Neuro one and,

again, the MiamiMD one is that the outlines or structures may vary.

Um, there'll be some of the elements that are from this sort of classic

overview here, but they also will be different.

For example, when we get to the Neuro one, you'll see the close is

sort of different, the structure is a little different here,

the product gets introduced as, like, the mechanism of the solution,

and we'll go through that really in depth in the next video you watch,

which is, like, almost an hour long. However,

the point I want to make in this video is, while you see that,

I don't want you to get too confused or anything, because really,

with a medium-length VSL, you can still mostly follow

the structure, and really, the big difference is,

it's just going to be shorter,

right, like, and by shorter, I mean, that sounds obvious,

okay, by shorter, I mean, like, less time, so maybe your background credibility section

is just, like, a single sentence long, maybe me or someone close to me

was just, like, you in pain, here's the emotional story about it,

right, if you have an emotional story, maybe it's,

like, you know, a couple sentences, so it's really more about,

like, some of the sections are shorter, but you absolutely can still follow this

format, uh, and you just, you know,

are going to have it be less long, and I'm going to do an

example for that UDI serum, uh,

so you'll be able to see kind of how that

goes, um,

when I do, but I just thought that was an important point, so besides

that, enjoy the two examples. You know,

you also have the, uh, short VSL section,

which we'll do, and we'll go from there.

Alright, thank you.