Alright, so for this section here,

we're doing, we're gonna do kind of a couple examples of medium length VSL.

So I'm assuming you went through kind of that core VSL

training, which I originally did with CA Pro.

Uh,

if you didn't, it's okay, you know, we'll kind of see the structures again.

Um, but the

more, that's going to be more in depth while we're going to look at

some examples here. And then we're going to also be looking in another module

on short VSLs. What you really see is if

we go back to our macro level of like a hook

micro lead lead background Part of credibility and

origin, discovery,

UMP, UMS, product open reveal,

close. These are really the main ones

for shorter I'm actually going to delete all of this because we're going to

be looking at this is specifically for the medium training one.

Um, and by the way, I know sometimes I try and do this where

the windows more condensed for mobile but honestly on this one I need to

have this up and another screen up. So,

you know, if you have to watch on desktop, sorry,

but kind of deal with it. Um,

I'm just being, you know, additionally extra harsh,

but also, yeah, you'll see most of these elements,

which you find with like medium and then shorter VSLs is,

you know, they're either missing certain elements or.

They go really fast where a certain element is maybe just like a single

line or a couple of lines in some cases. Now,

I did a Neuro example in that core training,

but this is a different Neuro view. So,

I mean, parts of it actually, honestly, are the same as what they had

before, but this is an ad I just took from today,

like in June of 2025. Um,

so let's watch it the first minute or two of it and then,

uh, We will go

through, like, the structure of that one and the same thing for this MiamiMD

one. And, by the way, I'm going to tell you right now, um, I

have a Gunji one up as well. I'll include that in the transcript.

I probably won't break down that one also. Um, it's kind of interesting

as I was looking for medium length VSL examples.

So, what do I, what I mean, by the way, when I say medium

length VSL, like I may have defined it in the other training that might

be some overlap, whatever. Um,

you know, typically, like, 8

to 15,

maybe, at most, 20 minutes. Um,

but what's really interesting to me is that the vast

majority, honestly, the people, I know a bunch of people who do really well

with this, like, kind of length VSL. They run the most in-feed ads,

and I have another module kind of talking about that.

Well, maybe I'll do it here, too, but, um,

basically, like, most of the people who are doing really well with them are

in CA Pro, my mastermind, so I can't use their examples.

But it's kind of funny, I kind of had that realization as I was

going through this, and I'm like, man, like, it's kind of funny how I

know they work, I know a bunch of brands doing 8 figures.

With a lot of this style, but the vast majority of them are in

CA Pro, so I can't share their copy,

because I wouldn't want to violate that trust, of course. So it's actually hard

to find examples from brands that weren't in CA Pro,

but Neuro is a good example, MyAMD,

same thing, they were in CA Pro back in the day, but not these

days. Gundry does all kinds of links and things like that,

too. So, let's start by,

you know, watching some a few minutes of this Neuro video, again,

maybe you saw some Neuro examples in the previous trainings.

So, if we look at what was going on with that Neuro-1,

we talk about starting with a hook, right,

starting to grab attention. We have it right here. Just 15 minutes at home,

in a moment of relief, right? Uhm,

we'll talk about quickly related to the pain point process faces quickly to the

process solution I mean This is like a one-line hook,

but it kind of does all three, right? 15 minutes at home,

in a moment of relief, so it's sort of like you have DEMA is

the pain point, relief is the promise, right? Very simple and I'll probably talk

about this in one of the other modules too,

but just so we're like really clear here

If you look at Neuro-1 the other ads library,

this ads library at least, let's see. So

they just do tons of, that's the one we just started watching.

This is a shorter one. Shorter one.

It's the point is they test tons of different. So

that's very similar with the hook. Right. But it's, it's a little bit different

when it's like, just watch this 15 minute relief versus the one we're looking

at now. Um, and so they've tested a lot of different video ads and

all that. This accounts are last year from October. I don't know if they're

still running. I guess they are. So I guess I'm surprised they don't have

more ads coming out and maybe they are using other accounts.

And I kind of know some inside baseball under that I won't bring up

on, uh, in RNBC2, but maybe,

you know, I don't know how they're doing today. They did really well for

a while, of course, but copies still tend to be good.

They, you know, we're doing eight figures, maybe still are. I don't know.

Um, so yeah.

Okay. So that's like your sort of pre-lead,

like basically you're just your hook, right? Okay.

Three facts about edema and under 30 seconds. Let's go.

Kind of more part of like the hook, like, you know, educational.

You'll notice that a lot of the training short and medium length VSLs,

not all of them, but a lot of them are sort of like educational.

Um,

they are like telling you something of value and,

you know, you're kind of consuming content with them.

So that's sort of a, uh,

worthwhile note that that seems to work. Right.

Okay. Okay, next. Now, if we think about what our traditional,

our lead for like a full VSL looks like,

okay. Coming out the problem,

promising solution to the pain point, and promise to save time and money,

teasing an emotional discovery story, teasing the unique mechanism behind the solution,

teasing the contrarian nature of the mechanism, flies in the face of what you've

been told, working in fascinations,

briefly mentioning credibility builders, qualifiers who this works for,

is it for everyone, is it for a certain subset,

speak to your market, address skepticism,

potentially testimonials. When you get like a medium-length VSL like this,

it's doing a lot less than that. So let's just look at the lead

here, which is really right here,

right? And what is it actually doing?

Number one, if you're wearing compression socks or elevating your legs,

you might feel like you're making some progress, but in reality,

these methods may only be delaying the pain and swelling,

just like hitting snooze on your morning alarm. Number two,

moving less can actually make your edema worse. You often think that if something

hurts, just resting up will help it get better,

but that's not how it works with edema. Number three,

there's now a way to relieve edema, pain, and swelling from the comfort of

your couch, so eliminate all distractions and pay close attention to what I'm about

to tell you. So what do we really have here?

Uhm,

I mean, you know, if you say calling out the problem,

it's really, yeah, you're saying edema, so I guess you could,

like, you know, talk about that, but promise a solution to the pain point.

I promise, it promises to save time or money,

but you do have that. There's now a way to relieve edema,

pain, and swelling from the comfort of your couch. So you know,

presumably comfort for your couch means you're going to save time and money because

you can do it at home. Uhm,

promising there. No teasing and emotional discovery stories.

And to be honest with you, I think a lot of VSLs these days

really don't use these emotional discovery stories that often.

They're, they're still there sometimes, you'll see it. It may even be one in

this one, but it's usually a lot more brief,

like, it's just, it's like faster, okay? Teasing a unique mechanism.

Not, not really, you're teasing a solution more than teasing a mechanism.

Behind a solution. Teasing a contrarian nature of a mechanism?

Kind of. This flies in the face of what you've been told,

right? Moving less actually makes edema worse,

right? Compression of socks. You may think you're making progress,

but you're not. Working in

a fascination? not really, um,

Not really mentioning credibility builders. Not really mentioning qualifiers

for who it works for. Not really addressing skepticism.

And not really including testimonials. So, Some

of these elements are still here, but really it's more like,

Pretty fast of like promising, And not even in this order,

which it doesn't have to be in this order. Call out the problem,

promising the solution. It's kind of education,

it's contrarian. In fact, I almost, Let me do like a new version of

this. Let me see something here. For Neuro,

right? It's like, Client

problem, proxy solution. I would just sort of say,

like, Contrarian nature,

why do the same solutions don't

work. Educational

component. So

it's really just like this, right? Pretty straightforward.

We'll see how this matches with my IMD. Okay,

we look at the background story. Who am I? Credibility builders.

Me or someone close to me was just like you in pain.

Here's the emotional story about it. Traditional solution and advice not working.

Trigger event. Power pain point escalated to where avatar realizes something must change.

Search for truth or answers. Find a unique mechanism.

So let's see. Hi, I'm Dr. Jeremy Campbell.

You may call me crazy, but your body actually has the ability to relieve

edema and the pain, stiffness, and swelling that comes with it.

And that's exactly what's currently helping thousands of people get relief in just 15

minutes a day. Let me explain. This is Sarah.

For years, she battled with edema that left her legs swollen,

painful, and heavy. She tried everything.

Compression socks, endless legs, exercises,

even fancy creams to promise the world, but nothing worked.

That is, until she discovered our breakthrough approach. Now Sarah's legs look and feel

completely different, and the best part, she achieved this transformation in just 15 minutes

a day of targeted treatment, and her situation wasn't any different from yours.

But in order for you to understand how exactly she did that,

it's important that you know exactly what edema is and what's causing it.

So let's get to the root cause of edema, which is edema. It's your

circulatory system, okay? So if we really look here,

this is sort of like your background, okay, credibility,

sorry I should come up to here, Dr.

Jeremy Campbell, okay, yep,

me or someone close to me was just like you in pain.

Here's the emotional story, again, you might kind of say like,

it's more like the story about it, you know,

you say it's emotional. But it's not like super,

super, super emotional, right? She tried existing solutions but they didn't work,

right, that's still here. Trigger event,

something must change, uhm,

no. And there's not really a search for answers,

right, in this case, it's like,

uhm, this could still be here,

but in this instance, it's like, uhm,

then,

like, the spokesperson or someone like the spokesperson discovered a new,

you know, uhm, something new.

And I would also add, uhm, teasing, continuing to tease, uhm, the solution and

how it will transform.

Solve their pain point.

This last part here about continuing to tease the solution is actually pretty important.

You'll see that with, uhm,

I mean, honestly, all VSLs, like, uhm,

it's a big mistake and a really common mistake I see people making a

lot. It's as they get into the background story mechanism,

they forget to stop and, like, tie it back into, like,

you know, hey, the reason you're watching this is because I'm going to be

showing you a breakthrough solution that solves your problem when nothing else has,

right? That's, like, pretty important and yet you kind

of say it in the lead, but then sometimes people will forget to kind

of keep coming back to it, and that is,

you know, typically a mistake. So,

so,

like, for example, I'm really, like, another way of looking at this is,

like, you can hook them in with, like, education,

especially these days for a lot of products and more branded,

like, white hat type of stuff, meaning,

like, not, like, super, like, we're gonna chop off your leg.

Oh my god, my wife screamed, but then we found a miracle cure.

Like, right? Like, for, like, more,

like, compliant,

consumer-facing, trying to build a bit of a brand, right,

all that kind of stuff, uhm,

you're typically not doing those crazy w**** stories anymore,

right? People who try to do them typically are stuck from a few years

ago, and it's usually, not always, exceptions to everything in copy,

but usually not a good idea, right? But reminding

myself of them of the payoff. You lead with education,

but you also get them thinking about a solution to the problem,

right? You educate them about the real reasons for their problem,

why things they've used haven't worked, but then you're also like,

I'm gonna show you what does work, right? So that's really important.

So that's what this section is, and now we're gonna get to the mechanism,

right? Which is gonna start right in here.

Okay, so let's get to the mechanism. Let's get to the root cause of

your edema, which is your circulatory system.

You see, blood flows down to your legs through arteries,

delivering oxygen and vital nutrients. Then it needs to flow back up to your

heart through veins. This process happens 24-7,

and it's what keeps you alive. Sounds simple, right?

Well, here's the thing. This is where things start to get tricky.

Unlike arteries, which have the powerful pumping of your heart to push blood down,

veins rely on a different mechanism to move blood back up against gravity.

They use what we call the muscle pump or calf pump.

Every time you move your legs, especially when walking,

your calf muscles contract. This squeezes the veins in your legs,

pushing blood upward. One-way valves in these veins prevent blood from flowing back

in. Now here's where things can go wrong.

With age and the modern lifestyle, you may become inactive,

which means that your calf muscles aren't contracting as often as they used to.

And that means the calf pump that's responsible for pumping blood away from your

legs isn't working as much as it could. You get the of this,

blood and fluid can start to pool in your lower legs. Your body's tissue

acts like a sponge, soaking up this excess fluid.

The result? Swollen, heavy legs. But it's not just blood.

Your lymphatic system, which helps remove waste and excess fluid from your tissues,

can also be affected. And unlike your blood circulation,

your lymphatic system doesn't have a pump like your heart.

It relies entirely on muscle movement and breathing to move lymph fluid.

When your lymphatic system slows down, it's like a clogged-up drainage system.

Fluid builds up in your tissues,

leading to swelling and edema. That's why it can feel like your legs are

carrying around extra weight all day long. And this excess fluid doesn't just cause

visible swelling, it can also lead to painful,

achy legs, difficulty moving around, tight,

shiny skin that may even leak fluid, and in severe cases,

it can even affect your heart and lungs. I know you've probably tried everything

you could, and nothing has given you the relief that you were hoping for,

and I get it. The traditional solution is to manage your edema can be

frustrating and time-consuming. Compression socks can help temporarily,

but they're uncomfortable, hard to put on, and don't address the root cause of

edema. Leg elevation is not practical for most people,

because you have to spend hours with your legs elevated in the air. Plus,

once you put your feet back on the ground, the swelling comes back.

Then there's diuretics. These can help reduce fluid retention,

but they come with side effects and don't improve the root cause.

Then we have exercise. While movement is important, many people with edema find it

painful or challenging to exercise regularly. So what is the solution here?

How can you get the relief that you deserve without turning your life upside

down? Well, it's simple. Use the Neuro.

It should be, This is a transcript from AI,

but, 3-in-1 leg massager for just 15 minutes a day.

Okay? So, If you

go to the UMP, One thing I mean,

Neuro is basically use the same mechanism. For, like,

you know, quite a while now, as far as I can tell.

And it's very, I talked about it in another,

one of the videos earlier on in the VSL section, so I won't harp

forever. But it's still very simple to understand,

but it makes sense, and it's really good.

One thing I do want to think, or just mention, as an insight,

is I will get so often people, even in CA Pro,

Well, who's next? Who want to change their mechanism,

and they'll be like, oh, my offer's sort of fatiguing,

maybe I need a new mechanism. And I don't think that's the case.

I mean, from observation of many brands I've worked with doing eight and nine

figures, uhm,

it's rarely the mechanism that needs to be changed.

It's usually just more hooks, more video ads, new angles,

whatever it is. Versus needing a new mechanism.

I'm not going to say you can never, if it's never worked,

maybe your mechanism sucks, but, like, normally it's not the mechanism that needs to

change. If you have a good mechanism, it can last you for a really

long time, right? Uhm,

so if we go back to, like, the UMP and the outline,

the real cause of the problem should be surprising or counterintuitive backed by credibility

and proof elements, right?

I don't know. I don't know if it's surprising or not, but it's credible.

I mean, sorry, I would almost just say what explains the

root cause in simple step-by-step detail,

uhm,

not over-complicated,

but contains a small amount of new information

that really illuminates

why past solutions haven't worked.

Actually, really, I'm going to say really illuminates.

Thanks. Bye.

Uh, the real reason for the problem,

and then B, like,

methodically explains,

uh,

how the UMP explains the reason

past solutions haven't worked.

they were banned again.

You need surgery,

right? What I mean by that is, like, everything else is a band-aid approach.

You need to, you know, fundamentally get to the root cause, And fix it,

like, on a deep level, okay? Now,

for this one, the UMS is sort of going to be the same as

the product build-up and reveal, right? This does change.

I know I did some other short ones and examples where they do a

bunch of build-up before they get to it, um,

but in this case, they're introducing Neuro first. So let's just look through this

part and we'll figure out how to categorize it appropriately, okay?

Well, it's simple. Use the Neuro 3-in-1 leg massager for just 15 minutes a

day. This revolutionary device combines three powerful therapies and one easy-to-use at-home solution.

It includes compression therapy, heat therapy, and vibration therapy.

Remember I said you need to move regularly so that your calf muscles would

contract and move the excess blood and fluid away from your legs?

Well, that's very true. When your legs are already painful,

stiff, and swollen, it can feel impossible to take thousands of steps daily.

That's why I knew that I had to find a breakthrough solution for this

problem, one that would help find a different way to activate the calf pump

in their legs and push away all the excess of blood and fluid.

After partnering up with a biotech startup called Neuro,

again, I've already helped.

Over 300,000 people, together we created the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager.

This unique massager allows you to activate the calf pump in your legs and

push away all the blood and fluid behind your swelling,

all for the comfort of your couch. Let me break it down for you

why it's so effective and how it's already helped thousands of people just like

you. Uhm,

first, we have the compre- I'm just gonna keep reading for a little bit.

First, we have the compression therapy. This feature mimics the natural pumping action of

your muscles. It applies pressure that starts at your feet and moves upward,

just like the squeezing action of your calf muscles when you're walking.

This rhythmic compression helps push fluid out of your tissues and back into your

circulatory system. The key here is the term dynamic.

Unlike static compression of socks, the Neuro's compression constantly moves

and changes, creating a massaging effect that stimulates circulation far more effectively than constant

pressure alone. That's only the beginning. Next,

the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager offers heat therapy. The gentle heat causes your blood

vessels to dilate or widen. Now, this has two major health benefits,

the first being wider blood vessels allow for better blood flow.

This improved circulation helps carry away the excess fluid that's been trapped in your

tissues. And second, the heat helps to increase the flexibility of your tissues.

More flexible tissues can more easily release the trapped fluid, allowing it to be

carried away by your improved circulation. And last but not least,

we have the Sequential 360° Massage Therapy.

The neurovibration therapy adds another crucial element to relieving edema,

these gentle vibrations serve multiple purposes.

First, they stimulate your muscles. This muscle stimulation helps to activate your body's natural

pumping mechanisms, enhancing the movement of your,

of both blood and lymph fluid. Second,

the massage helps to break up fluid congestion in your tissue.

Think of it like shaking up a bottle of salad dressing,

the vibrations help to dislodge fluid that might be stuck in your tissue.

And lastly, massage therapy has been shown to improve lymphatic drainage.

Remember, your lymphatic drainage, er, lymphatic system doesn't have its own pump,

so massage therapy encourages lymph fluid to move through your system more effectively.

Now, here's the real magic, all three of these therapies work together synergistically.

The dynamic compression pushes fluid out of your tissues,

the heat therapy dilates your blood vessels, making it easier for that fluid to

be carried away, and the massage therapy stimulates your muscles and lymphatic system,

further enhancing your fluid movement. And the best part? It only takes 15 minutes

a day, and all from the comfort of your own home.

Um, here's a bit of a testimonial,

right? So, let's make it a testimonial. Testimonial.

I

believe this is correct, it doesn't really matter, but this is kind of a

second structure anyway. Testimonial 3.

does still work for BD and BSL, so I don't want to tell you

to not ever use it. But,

it's not always used,

as we can see, right? So in this case,

it's sort of like, really, what we're seeing next is,

Otherwise

it's not bold, it's annoying. I

guess what we would say, Let me do it like this,

it's easier for me. Introduce

the product as the unique

mechanism of the solution,

right? And then it's like,

sort of, uhm,

product. Go through, or say,

the features, or ingredients,

or components, I'll show you what I mean there in a minute.

Each one show how they are addressing

the unique mechanism problem and solving it.

Okay,

all this back to the ultimate promise.

Components include testimonials,

right? So why did I write like that? Basically,

you're introducing the product as the mechanism of solution,

right? Uhm,

use Neuro, right? Reminds me of all three things.

Remember the UMP, right?

Well, this, you know, I had to find a solution.

So it's a little bit of like that product build up and reveal thing,

but very fast, right?

Amy, so you still argue. Let's

do it this way. Introduce the product and say how it

solves the UMP. Very fast product build

up. Back to that.

Introduce the go through

them, how they address the UMP. Back to awesome promise,

right? Get rid of the daemon 15 minutes a day. And then testimonials,

right?

So, okay, These are just a few of the thousands of people

who have found relief from the Neuro 3 UMP 1 Leg Massager,

but here's the thing. The Neuro 3 UMP 1 Leg Massager isn't

just about reducing swelling in your legs, it's about giving you your life back.

Give me one minute, actually, I want to do one thing here. One other

thing about the UMP I should have mentioned that I didn't,

it was like, I

wouldn't add that, right? Because if you go back to the section,

Sorry, I know I'm jumping around, but I think this is important and I

kind of forgot to do it.

Because, like, it's not just blood, right? There's a lymphatic system,

It

can also cause painful, achy legs,

difficulty moving around, tight, shiny skin that may even leave fluid,

can even affect your heart and legs, right? So it's like,

oh, it's not just about swollen ankles or whatever.

It's like, here's a bunch of other scary stuff, right? So I want to

mention that. Uhm, and that's important and I kind of forgot about it for

a minute. So now let's go back to the clothes. Okay,

here's the thing. The Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager isn't just about reducing swelling in

your legs. It's about giving you your life back. Alright,

sorry. I'm doing this at home so my dog can hear me. But here's

the thing. The Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager isn't just about reducing swelling in your

legs. It's about giving you your life back. Just imagine waking up in the

morning and easily slipping on your favorite shoes without struggling with swollen feet.

Imagine going for a walk in the park without worrying about pain or discomfort,

or enjoying a night out with friends or family without constantly thinking about having

to elevate your legs. Imagine looking down at your ankles and seeing definition,

not puffiness. We'll next Bye. Or feeling confident in shorts or a skirt without

trying to hide your legs. This is a reality for those who have made

the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager part of their daily routine.

And if you're not tech-savvy, there's nothing to worry about. The Neuro 3-in-1 Leg

Massager is super simple to use. Just wrap the sleeves around your calves,

whether you place it under or over your pants, it works just as well,

ensuring flexibility no matter what attire you're wearing,

or what, sorry, no matter what your attire or setting. and just turn the

device on by pressing the on button end of Activate the heat with another

press of the heat button to help ease those common aches.

Then select from three intensity levels. Choose the one based on your personal comfort

and swelling severity. And that's it. Sit back and enjoy 15 minutes of soothing

relief. By the end of each session, you'll feel a significant reduction in heaviness

and the swelling will noticeably decrease. And if you're concerned about the massager fitting

your calves, you'll be glad to know that each Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager comes

with four free extra Velcro straps,

two for each massager, ensuring a comfortable fit.

It's a fit for any leg size. Imagine the relief and the freedom of

not having your life around, of living your life around your edema.

Imagine getting back to all the things that you love and imagine looking your

loved ones in the eyes saying, you finally did it. Your edema is gone.

Now, at this point, you're probably wondering how much does a device like this

cost? Well, the official price of the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager is $249.95 for

one pair. But for viewers of this presentation like yourself,

there's a 40% off discount code available through the link that's up under this

video. I don't want the price to get in the way of anyone getting

the relief that they need. You see, my office is based in Chicago and

there's a very limited amount of patients that I can see during the day.

With this device, I can bring this expertise to anyone's home.

If you're concerned about it not working for you,

well, there's nothing wrong with that. It's only right to be cautious,

especially about things that you buy on the internet. That's why we're offering a

full 90-day money-back guarantee. That means you have three months to test the Neuro

3-in-1 Leg Massager and decide if it's right for you. If it doesn't work

for you, simply reach out to our customer support team at any time.

You can call us at this phone number or you can send us an

email at support at neuro.com, us.com.

You can also send us a message on Facebook. Our customer support team will

get back to you within minutes and will issue your refund quickly with no

questions asked. But if it does work, just think about the possibilities.

You can finally return to a life free from edema.

natural. You may be thinking along the lines of, well,

will this really work for me? Is it worth the investment? What if it

doesn't help with my edema at all? Now, these are all very valid concerns,

but let me address them one by one. So this is almost like FAQ

section here, welcome back to it. You might doubt that the Neuro 3-in-1 leg

massager will work for you because you've tried other things before that didn't work,

but here's why that's not true. Thank you.

Here's

why that's not true. Sorry, again. If any,

if I ever pee at something, it's because my daughter pointed it out.

Unlike single therapy approaches,

the Neuro combines three proven therapies in one device, creating a far more powerful

solution than any one treatment alone. You might think that's too expensive,

but you probably didn't consider the long-term cost of ongoing treatments,

medications, and the toll that untreated edema can have on the quality of life.

When you factor in these costs,

the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager is an investment in your health and well-being that

pays dividends every time. And before, you probably relied on compression socks or leg

elevation, but one thing you're missing was the active dynamic therapy that the Neuro

3-in-1 Leg Massager provides. It doesn't just passively compress your legs,

it actively works to improve circulation and lymphatic drainage.

I know that you might think that this is just another gadget that'll end

up collecting dust on a shelf, but if you thought about the fact that

Neuro 3-in 50 minutes a day can make a huge difference in your comfort

and mobility, that's less time than it takes to read a chapter of a

book. Now that you know all of this, you can't let doubts hold you

back from experiencing relief, regaining your mobility,

and enjoying life without the constant burden of edema. You can see how the

Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager combines proven therapies and an easy-to-use device,

and you know that thousands of people have already found relief with this approach.

And we both know that continuing to struggle with edema isn't the life you

want or deserve. So are you going to take control of your edema,

or are you going to let it control you? Are you going to wake

up two weeks from now and be much closer to relief,

or are you going to wake up with the same swollen,

painful legs? Are you going to be someone who takes action to improve their

own health, or someone who accepts discomfort as their new normal?

We can replace just about everything except our health and our time.

So it's time to stop wasting time and start your journey towards edema relief.

It's time to experience the comfort and confidence that comes with healthier legs.

It's time to reclaim your mobility and enjoy life without constant worry of swelling

and pain. Now, not just for yourself,

but for those who you care deeply for, for your family,

your friends, and your overall quality of life, because once you start using the

Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager, you'll be able to participate more fully in life,

enjoy activities you're missing out on, and feel more like yourself again.

Now, as I mentioned before, I'm so confident in the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager

that I'm willing to make you an incredible offer. Try the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg

Massager for 90 days. If you don't get experience relief,

or if you don't feel comfortable and more mobile on your feet,

or if you're not completely satisfied for any reason whatsoever,

no worries, we'll refund every penny of your purchase price.

That's right, a full 90 days, no questions asked,

money-back guarantee. Why am I able to make such a bold offer?

Because I know, based on the experience of thousands of satisfied users,

that once you try the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager, you won't want to live

without it. But that's not all. For a limited time,

we're offering a special discount of 40% off the regular price.

But remember, this offer won't last forever.

We can only guarantee the special price and bonus package for the next 48

hours or until supplies run out. And I must warn you,

the sell-out risk is high. The demand for the Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager has

skyrocketed, far beyond the supply. It's already sold out before due to high demand,

and we expect that to happen again. Now we finally restocked,

but with current demand, these units are not expected to last long.

So make sure to get yours now. Remember, it's completely risk-free for 90 days,

it doesn't matter if you change your mind on day 1 or day 89.

We'll give you back every penny you paid for if you're unsatisfied.

If you want to give it a try and get a 40% discount today,

it's important to act now. Delaying could mean waiting months for the next restock.

Simply click the link below to secure your Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager today.

If you can still place an order, it means units are available,

but they're going fast. Don't miss this chance to reclaim your mobility and enjoy

life free from pain and swelling and edema. Thank you for watching.

Click the button below to order. Order your very own Neuro 3-in-1 Leg Massager

now at 40% off while supplies last. Okay,

so we look at the clothes. Product details,

like what's included, what makes it special,

unique selling propositions. Those were really covered above,

right? In this sort of section that we talked about.

Same thing with discussing,

and dismissing other alternatives. I mean, let's go up to where the clothes would

be.

You know, you probably use compression socks, unlike other single therapy approaches.

Uhm,

things I'm not sure. I mean, it's an interesting clothes, right? On a macro

level, like, they basically are doing

two things above all else, right? How about here?

Wait,

one is, I shall put here,

future pacing, like, imagine life if the pain point

was solved, and then,

uh,

you know, addressing Objections,

right? Like,

the future pacing is pretty hardcore, and that's actually,

again, something I've noticed again and again as a commonality in,

like, really high converting copy,

a lot of days, is,

like, really painting a picture of life with it, right?

So, it's, like,

it's not just about reducing your swelling, it's about giving your life back, right?

Imagine waking up in the morning and easily sipping on your favorite shoots.

Imagine going for a walk in the park, or a night out with friends

or family. Imagine looking down at your ankles and seeing definition,

or feeling confident, right? That's the reality.

So, it's, like, really, like, one of the first things is doing the clothes,

is, like, telling them to imagine a life where their pain point is solved.

Then, it's sort of, like, a skeptic,

uh, an objection, well,

what if I'm, what if I'm not tech-savvy?

Hey, if you're not tech-savvy, don't worry about it,

right? You could say that this is also kind of how to use the

product. They don't have additional testimonials, so I'm going to remove those here,

right? Um,

like, but this is really an objection, okay?

I'll have a howdy how to use it.

You know, what if it won't fit my calves, right?

Oh, hey, don't worry, it's going to be able to fit, we have Velcro

straps over our sides. Imagine the relief and freedom,

imagine getting back all the things, imagine,

like, you know, your loved ones, looking in the eyes and saying you finally

did it, your edema is gone, right? More future pacing,

imagine your life, right? So,

really, it's like, imagine,

objection, which is tied to how to use,

right? Like,

future pacing, like this.

Imagine your life if the pain point was

to stop. Goes deep,

not just, I know I started capitalizing,

now I'm not, because I'm a weirdo. Not

just physiological, right? It's not just, um, like, on the surface,

but deeper. But,

deep benefits of freedom,

pride, accomplishment,

confidence, uh,

approval and validation from others,

et cetera, right? Sort of.

Address objection number one, you know,

which was really, well,

if I can't.

I mean, I don't know if you, like, I'm trying to think how to

keep this outline sort of universal, but it's like,

I'm probably gonna give you this.

In this case it was a glove that won't fit. How

to use Prot, like, uhm, it's sort of tied into this,

so I'll put it, like, separately for now. Okay? How

much does it cost, right? Well,

the official price is this, but you're gonna get it for this big discount.

I know how to help more people.

So you kind of just do,

like, you know. Let's

do this for now.

You can't mention personal, uh,

mission, right? I'm in Chicago. This allows me to help lots of people everywhere.

You

know, what if it,

I'll

put, like, guarantee terms.

Alright, guarantee breakdown number one.

We'll do it like that. If

it doesn't work, what is your life like then?

so more doubts, right?

Raises more objections,

prospect might be having,

and addresses them.

By shitting on, uh,

other solutions, right? Bull.

Why.

Other solutions.

It's on why

it's worth the investment,

or for them, right? Okay.

your objections and allayed all of your concerns,

doesn't it make sense to take action today

and try this? Brief mention of

social proof. Thousands of,

like, act like this. You

bought this and are happy.

You know, why would you be any different? Okay,

uhm, we both know continuing to struggle for the amount of life you want

or deserve. So are you going to take control of your life or are

you going to let it control you?

Are you going to wake up two weeks from now and be much closer

to relief, or are you going to wake up with the same swollen,

painful legs? Are you going to be someone who takes action to improve their

own health, or are you going to be, you know,

discomfort, or uncomfortable, live life in discomfort?

So I'm going to put like, this is sort of like, uh,

But compare and contrast, like the crossroads close.

At

least from now, are you going to be someone who is

in control with their pain points solved,

or someone who is still suffering and struggling with their

pain point? Thank you. Then

it's like, remind them,

let's put like, brief future pacing,

again, much better life will be

once they solve the pain point with the product.

D terms, again, uh,

reminding them how this is risk-free.

Discount reminder, and then we'll

say, you know, sort of, scarcity,

right? Scarcity,

low price, or discount,

may not last, may run out of stock,

demand is high, supplies are low.

Get

it now. Discount,

minor, but you have to act today.

Explicit command. Click the button Now,

last reminder of urgency.

Thanks for watching Final CCA.

I also want to add one thing so I get to Z, right? But,

that's okay. And

there's not an FAQs here, right? It could be optional testimonials.

So, you know,

I know it's kind of a lot, but I figured it's kind of cool

to just break this down explicitly how they do it for the Neuro,

like, Medium-length

DSL breakdown, right?

Okay, cool. So, I'm going to stop this video,

and I'm going to do another example for the MiamiMD one.

And at that point, I think you'll be pretty good, and you'll see.

I mean, the big deal, I guess if I zoom back out, Actually,

I'll say what I want to say for the next video, too.

Alright, thanks.