No, how you doing?

Good, good. So

I'm approving note takers, putting people on,

but yeah, we'll get started in just, uh,

another minute or so.

Say you don't have to repeat myself more than I think

hopefully we're just having a pretty good week.

Um, had a good weekend, all that kind of stuff.

So, 18th century France. Yeah, I don't know, man.

Like, um, I made this when, like

with generative AI back in like maybe a year ago.

And the, the original idea was like this concept around

how um, you could tell somebody to, to like build a bike,

but if you didn't give them good instructions,

they'd leave the handlebar off.

So I spent a bunch of time trying to create like,

like a classical painting of like a bunch of like nobles

around, uh, like a bike without handlebars

and I couldn't really figure out how to do it.

Maybe it's better now, but at the

time it was sort of struggling.

But then I'm like, oh, well,

you know, it's kind of a dramatic background.

I haven't used it in like a year,

but uh, I was like just blurring my background

and I said, Hey, what the hell me?

Lemme try it. I think I have another, another variant of it,

which is more of a classical theme, you know,

or it was supposed to be more like a little bit more

of like painted in like a renaissance style

of everyone's trying to figure out how to build the bike.

Um, but you know, for the vibe I'm feeling I decide to go

with, uh, with that other one.

So, you know,

but it's basically just ative ai, so it's pretty crazy.

Yeah, it is. Cool. All right.

Well I'm sure more people may hop on, but they're not here.

Oh, here's somebody hopping on.

Okay, so let's go ahead and get started.

Um, today we are gonna be doing the kind of like, uh,

we're talking about hooks and during hooks and ads.

I'm gonna be breaking down like a video ad from V Shred.

Uh, it's gonna be related to like

what I've talked about a bit it recent it weeks

where it's like a lot of hook heavy ads.

We're gonna talk about processes that I am using to

generate a lot of hooks and then also

to write those hook heavy ads.

So should be valuable.

Um, we'll see if we can get

through all of it in a single call.

If we have to make it two calls, we will,

but I'm hoping we can.

Uh, so let's go ahead and get started.

I'm gonna share my screen. Sorry,

how this is, there we go.

Share. All right,

so hopefully everyone can see the screen here.

So I'll show you an example of sort of like the endpoint

that we're going for

and, um, then we'll kind of go back in time

and figure out how we got to this end point.

And this is still a work in progress to some degree, so,

you know, you know, I'll continue to refine it.

Okay, so this is like a quad project I

created half an hour ago.

I'm gonna go through later in the call like what the, uh,

instructions were, what it's

trained on, all that kind of stuff.

But you see, uh, you know, we're gonna write some new ads

for our skincare brand, apple Beauty.

I'm gonna upload the first half of the VSL

so you get a little bit more context.

Your goal is to write ads that are hook heavy, have tons

of curiosity, leverage the hook database.

You'll see what the hook database is shortly,

and ultimately sell the click to the VSL.

We're also gonna make all the ads between one

and three minutes long for now to start,

can you gimme 10 ad concepts

where you include the different hooks

to be mentioned in the first 30 seconds.

I'll then choose and have you rate ads from there. Okay?

So I'll show you some of the examples it had.

Add concept number one, the Velcro effect.

Stop using hyaluronic acid until you watch this.

Did you notice celebrities are secretly using

this instead of Botox?

The truth about collagen supplements is

that they might help your body produce more collagen,

but they can't fix this specific problem with your skin.

What happens when your skin loses its Velcro effect?

Most women don't realize the separation

is happening beneath their skin.

Okay, so this will all make more sense as we go

through the training, but you can see it's like I didn't,

I didn't ask it to come up with the hook.

I said basically like, um, you,

I said come up with te concepts.

First concept. You can see

it's got a lot of hooks in here, right?

Next concept, this is for our skincare

brand, but this will work for anything.

And you'll see, um, the hidden layer.

Um, I can go through all, I'll go to a couple

that I particularly liked.

Um, and this one was okay,

but, uh, the, you know, microscopic troop truth, you need

to see this microscopic view of what's happening

to your skin cells right now.

I had no idea my skin

layers were supposed to look like this.

The wavy connection between

your skin layers is flattening out.

These two pepys, reconnect your skin's, microscopic hooks,

peptides can actually reconnect the inner

layer of skin around your eyes.

Okay, um, a couple other ones. I like this one here.

And again, I'm gonna, for people just joined,

I'll keep repeating myself

from the beginning while people join.

I'm gonna go through the whole process, how we got

to this endpoint during this call.

Okay? Stop washing your face

in the shower until you hear this.

Stop microwaving food and plastic.

If you care about your skin's elasticity.

Here's what hard water does to your skin.

These three ultra common household items could be silently

damaging your skin barrier every day.

Do you know about the surprising link

between your laundry detergent and eye bags?

Okay, so if you watch some

of my previous trainings on hooks, you know that

what I've talked about is like, I

like a bunch of hooks and ads.

That's what I'm seeing working. And we're about to look at

that with a v shred example,

but I've seen it across numerous brands.

It's what we're now using for our Opal beauty ads as well.

Um, so again, basic prompt of the project,

which I'll show you how to create.

Those are the concepts, right? And did a pretty good job.

All right, let's start with add concept number one.

Go ahead and write that now. Okay, stop using IC acid

until you watch this camera zooms in on

eye area showing fine lines.

Did you know that somebody are secretly

using this instead of Botox?

The truth about collagen supplements is

that they might help your body produce more collagen,

but they can't fix this specific problem with your skin.

What happens when your skin loses its Velcro effect?

Most women don't realize this separation

is happening beneath their skin.

I was shocked when I discovered

what was really happening underneath my skin.

For years, I spent hundreds on creams promising

to fix my crow's feet and eye bags.

Nothing worked long term.

Then I learned something that changed everything.

It wasn't about adding more moisture

or even boosting collagen.

These solutions weren't addressing the real problem.

See, when you're younger, your skin layers are connected

like Velcro, these tiny microscopic hooks

keep everything tight and smooth.

After 40, these connections start breaking down.

And when that happens, nutrients can't reach

to your top layer of skin.

Blood vessels become more visible, causing dark circles.

And without proper structure, your skin collapses

forming wrinkles and bags.

No wonder expensive creams weren't working.

They weren't fixing the broken connections.

When I started using this technique

that actually restores those

connections, everything changed.

Um, I'm never going back to Botox.

This is so much easier and more affordable,

and it actually addresses the root cause.

Doctor explains how in this video, you need to watch it.

Click here. Okay? Now I'm not go through all these yet

because I'm gonna go to how we start got endpoint,

but I'm like, all right, cool.

You know, do number four, you can,

I did mention you can have multiple speakers, right?

You can jump around. Um, so I was like, you know, you need

to see this microscopic view

of what's happening to your skin cells right now.

I know I idea my skin layers are supposed to look like this.

The way the connection between your

skin layers is flattening out.

What you're seeing is saying that 99%

of skincare companies aren't telling you about.

Okay? And then like, cool, do number eight, right?

Uh, stop washing your face

in the shower until you hear this.

Stop microwave food in plastic. We'll go back to that.

Um, cool. Do number nine, right?

This is how doctors in Switzerland are

treating irons about Botox.

Okay, cool. Then I'm like, Hey, we'll do number 10.

All right, here's number 10. I did all this like, you know,

in like about 15 minutes, uh, prior to the call, but it's

because of what I'm gonna teach you on this call.

I'm like, all right, cool. Do more hooks, right? Okay.

And what's important, I

wouldn't pay attention to the titles.

It's like all the hooks that are in here,

and I'm gonna show you why I think this is

so important as we go here.

But honestly, even as I was going through these,

like I didn't have time well yet to just have 'em do more.

I could even do some on this call depend when get to it.

But like even I'm looking at some

of these hooks, I'm like, well, how's it gonna pay it off?

Like, what's it gonna talk about? Like, you know, uh,

does Z lost of sugar make wrinkles worse?

That's not what you think these three foods are triggering

your skin's aging time bomb.

Your skin's aging. Sorry, maybe in your kitchen right now,

uh, the microscopic aging bal in your skin that activates

after 40 stop the ticking time bomb

that's causing your iron wrinkles, right?

These are all kind of hooks in the first 30 seconds.

Like, oh, that's super interesting, okay, um,

using hot water to wash your face at like, hold on.

Okay. So you see enough of that,

but like, hopefully you're like intrigued

and you're like, all right, yeah, that seems pretty cool.

If I can just go to a cloud project, basically say, Hey,

here's a VSL for whatever it is.

I'm gonna upload it. We're gonna do like curiosity ads

that are heavy hook, heavy tons of curiosity,

leveraging the hook database,

which you'll see what that is during this training.

And sell the click, make them one to three minutes long.

Gimme ad concepts, then write them, okay?

Once the project's set up, that's all you really have to do.

So that's pretty cool. And I'll give you the prompt.

Okay, so what motivated this?

It starts with a V shred ad.

I don't think I broke this down in detail

and may have showed parts of it before.

It's a five minute long ad

and we are gonna watch all of it on this call,

but then we're gonna go through a breakdown of it

in incredibly minute detail frame by frame.

Yeah, let's f*****g go.

Um, and I want you to see what's going on,

why it matters, all of that.

So even though this is five minutes long, we're watching it.

Lemme make sure I got the audio because I,

it's honestly the craziest a I've ever seen once you

actually, uh, really pay attention.

So we're gonna watch it one time straight through

and then we'll go through the breakdown.

Lemme sure I get the audio share computer sound stereo.

I'm gonna hit play. Let me know if for any reason

This is How To get in

shape fast.

You guys can hear that, right? Yeah. Thumbs up.

Okay. All right, let's watch it

Fast. Think I'm

gonna start cutting carbs.

I need to drop my belly fat.

If you want to drop this, start eating more of these.

Have you seen this guy?

You know, the one that keeps telling us to

Stop running on the treadmill?

Well, you might wanna listen to this.

You may think this will take years to learn,

but we're gonna teach it to you in 60 seconds.

Watch this. People wanting

to lose belly fat should stop starving

themselves and cutting out carbs.

I was on carnivore for about four years, no

Carbs. I gained

bunch of weight,

but I was like, oh my God, I didn't know.

Maybe you should forget everything you think you know about

weight loss and listen to what I'm about to share

with you. This

Is a metabolism killer.

This is a metabolism killer. This is a metabolism killer.

This is a metabolism killer.

If you're over 40 and are running on the treadmill

endlessly and eating salads all day just

to lose a few pounds, don't just stop

and listen to what I'm about to tell you.

I wanna talk to you about something

that's been making waves on social media lately.

You've probably seen this guy all over your feet claiming

the cutting carbs isn't necessary for weight loss, no need

for long hours in the treadmill either.

Now I know it sounds too good to be true,

but lemme tell you, there's more to this than meets the eye.

The science of weight loss was cracked a long time ago.

It's not a trend.

It's facts following all those like trendy fad diets,

all those trending workouts

that you see online is literally a waste of time.

There's already a proven research backed way

to lose weight and keep it off. I

Decided to delve into this topic and do some research.

Turns out this guy is a celebrity trainer who's gained a

massive following for challenging mainstream advice.

He claims that what we've been told about weight loss is

wrong, completely wrong.

And you know what makes a lot of sense when you listen

to what he has to say,

This is what 10 pounds of fat looks like.

If you want to drop this

or more, you gotta take your metabolism from this to this.

Is your body trying to tell you something?

The darkness of your outer eye ring, the pinkness

of your fingernails spider vein, your posture, your weight,

your face shape, the list goes on and on.

And what impacts these biological markers the most comes

down to two words, visceral fat.

What is visceral fat?

Visceral fat can cause inflammation,

and this can accumulate in the heart

and the liver and the muscles.

Visceral fat is like a direct line to metabolic

and cardiovascular disease,

and this type of abdominal fat is linked

with a higher risk of death.

So how do we get rid of dangerous, visceral fat?

Well, it's a lot easier than it might think.

Stop running on the treadmill every single day.

If you're trying to lose weight

or I'm gonna jump in this pool.

Cardio burns fat, right?

Wrong cardio actually burns calories usually in the form

of carbs in the bloodstream that are then replaced

with the very next meal that you eat

and usually stored as more fat.

This is why when you eat even low calorie foods

or you run for an hour a day, it seems like you get softer,

but you don't actually lose any weight.

And this is one of the biggest reasons why most

weight loss attempts

Fail within the first three weeks.

I didn't know that. What am I supposed to

Do then? I've been in the fitness

industry for a long time

and I'm still hearing from people about how they want

to get in shape or they want

to feel young again, but they don't know what to do.

Have you ever wondered what actors

and actresses do when they have

to get in shape really fast for a movie?

Because I can promise you, it's not the same diet

that you are following

or the same training plan that you try.

It starts with getting rid of visceral fat.

And the number one way to do that is through what you eat

and how you move.

And everyone knows that food choice can help you lose

weight, but it can also radically change how you look

and feel and perform.

The food that you eat directly impacts what kind

of fat your body stores and where it stores it.

A little bit of that comes down to

genetics, but it's also what you eat.

Do you know what can happen if you optimize your diet?

Two days ago, I was the lightest I'd been since I was

about 23.

Wow. I've never really experienced that with other diets.

I've really not. I thought I was getting there

with a carnivore diet.

Mm-hmm. 'cause I was like, oh, I can do this.

I eat whatever I want.

I just don't eat carbohydrates. I gained 12 pounds.

How do you know what to eat?

Well, there's a million different diets out there

that are all sending you mixed signals.

I wanna show you a way of eating

that will help you optimize your results without having

to follow some super strict unbearable diet.

And so if you're ready to stop guessing

and start knowing, take our quick and easy quiz

and discover our science backed approach

to just destroying your visceral fat.

And millions of people have already taken this quiz

and are seeing incredible results.

You can eat regular

Food. And now

I'm 40 years old with ab. I've never had AB before.

I lost 53 pounds pen dress sizes.

I had abs for the first time in my life. I lost 70 pounds.

I lost 15 pants sizes.

I haven't been this weight since high school. I

Have gone from a six XL to an extra large.

I've lost over 200 pounds

with V Shred. It's changed my life.

And I tell everyone that the best place

to start is this quiz.

It's a free quiz. It's six questions. It's super easy.

It takes literally 20 seconds to fill out.

You can do it right now. And then at the end of it,

it tells you what your body type is,

but it also tells you the three most important things

to do based on what your body type is.

And it's completely free. We don't ask for your email

or anything like that.

So if you guys wanna check that out, click the link below,

take my free body type quiz

and get your personalized plan right now.

Do it. Just get started now. Don't wait. Not tomorrow now.

All right. So thank you

for your patience as we watched that video.

So if someone have any observations,

feel free to put them in the chat.

If you have any thoughts after watching that ad, be curious

to see if anyone has anything they wanna say.

Or you can say out loud, that's fine too.

Like five minutes of, of uh, hooks.

Yeah. Um, yeah, actually, I, I was doing, uh,

visual shred ads for the past, uh, four years in Chicago.

I was the, uh, uh, creative director.

It's really, really interesting.

They took, uh, an ad, like a really successful ad

that we do ad that we did.

And they made it like they put steroids on it with,

with the visuals and everything.

So really nice.

Yeah, Tamir, that's cool. I didn't realize that.

And that's, um, that make an extra fun.

I mean, you know, 'cause obviously most v Shred

and spelt right have worked with Yeah, Congo a ton.

So, um, and there's a lot of commonalities in those ads.

So I feel like, um, the two brands,

whether it's them doing internally or because of Kadogo

or Kadogo doing them, like they're really

two brands that are really doing this.

Emma Relief is starting to do it a bit more.

A couple other brands like,

you know, we can talk about that.

But yeah, good observation. I appreciate you sharing that.

And yeah, Michael, and, and, uh, Amy's both said, uh,

hooks crazy, how many hooks, right?

Um, and that is really

what I want to, you know, look out for everybody.

Okay? So what I did,

what I'm doing, actually, it's pretty cool.

Basically, uh, this guy Baier, who's, uh,

done different projects for me over a couple years.

I think he's in, he's in like Nigeria,

or he is somewhere in Africa,

but he is super smart, nice dude, whatever.

Um, so I basically have him, I create a folder, right?

Bashier where I'm taking swipes of ads using Swipe Builder,

putting them into here.

My team, if they want him to do one,

they can put something here.

Um, and then basically, like if I agree,

we'll put into the best share folder

and his job is to go through.

So I did basically the first several of these on my own,

and I'm like, I can't keep doing these on my own, right?

So his job is to basically go through

and take the transcript, which general by swipe builder,

and then go through line by line

and like who's speaking like the text of like

what you're seeing on the screen.

Um, and then he, he actually decided to add screenshots.

So I have two versions of it, one without

screenshots, right?

And then, but it still has like

what you're seeing on screen.

And then one that has with screenshots,

which right now isn't that useful for LLMs,

but it'll be useful for today.

And also it's useful, uh, when LLMs get bigger

and they can just sort of have unlimited memory and stuff,

and I can upload with images, that becomes even better.

So I figured why not have 'em do that now?

But yeah, let's just go through, I'm gonna start

reading through this line by line.

And I mean, yeah, the, the, the spoiler, you know, is

that the amount of hooks

that are just stacked throughout this thing is,

is insane, right?

Um, and the second spoiler is to the point that, uh,

whoever someone else has logged in

as copy starter might be Nick,

or somebody's story is told through any clips,

even the close, there's nothing stacked in the ad.

Probably a hundred clips. I'm not sure who that is.

Uh, someone from the ca team.

But yeah, the other huge part is like the visuals, right?

Yeah. Nick was somebody, um,

so like, let's kinda go through this, right?

Make this a little bigger. This is

how you get in shape fast, right?

And, and again, I'm not gonna,

I'm not gonna read every single thing,

but like immediately, like a weird

what the f**k image, right?

Brown protein bars are brownie six

being dipped in bright red saucer.

This is how you get in shape fast.

I think I'm gonna start cutting carbs.

I need to drop my belly fat, right?

Um, if you wanna drop this points to the belly area

of an overweight guy, start eating more of these, right?

So immediately curiosity, right?

Wanna drop this, start eating more of these

and there's a pic of image of a girl stuffing your face

with some kind of carb heavy treat,

but we can't tell what the treat is, right?

Switch this to the girl from American Gladiators.

I I, for, I wanted to make it more broad for ai.

So I just would put stuff like female sub endorser, right?

Have you seen this guy, you know,

the one he keeps telling us to?

And then, um, you know, stop right on the treadmill.

One really cool thing here,

I don't know if you guys caught that.

I'm gonna go back for one second. This is actually a crazy

like little video edit.

Lemme get to this part real quick here, there. Sorry.

Right here. This was, uh, for, sorry, Dr. Drew w right?

But like, watch this real quick here. You've

Seen this guy, you know, the one

that keeps telling us to stop

Running on the treadmill.

I think that little note is like such a crazy edit when

you think about it because it's like she's talking,

it looks like that's B roll

of him just running on the treadmill.

And suddenly he just turns

and like, breaks like the fourth

wall and like talks to the camera.

It's f*****g wild. It's

dope. It's really cool. He's telling us to

Stop running on the treadmill.

Okay? So like, that's immediately gonna

grab your attention, right?

Um, well you might wanna listen to this.

You may think this will take years to learn,

but we're going to teach it to you in 60 seconds, right?

And then you've got a little timer

up there that goes up to 60.

And while we're doing that, Dr.

Drew is holding this weird, colorful,

like squishy thing in the jar, right?

Um, watch this. Okay? So think about the commands.

Go back to, I don't like NLP and copy lot of the time.

Like, I think people get way overdue if

NLP and it's overrated.

But like, if you think about it, there's a lot

of commands in here, right?

I mean, obviously here's like, you might

wanna listen to this.

Um, you know, stop right on the treadmills, like a command.

Uh, one second here.

Like to see, like, I feel like there's another one.

You know, drop this, eat more of these.

I just wanna make, make clear about

how much curiosity there is.

It's like very broad and commands, right?

Like, you might wanna listen to this, okay? Watch this.

Um, okay, we have Dr. Drew, right?

Like, um, people wanna lose belly fat

to stop starving themselves and cutting out carbs.

And there's like an AI voiceover.

Uh, how did I,

in here it says like no carbs or something like that.

Like there's an AI voiceover that comes in

to be like a pattern interrupt.

Um, I was on carb

or diet, I was on carb for about four years.

Oh, here, it's no carbs, right?

I gained a bunch of weight, but I was like,

oh my god, I didn't know, right?

Okay. Didn't know what, I have more curiosity.

Maybe you should forget everything you think you know about

weight loss and listen to what I'm about to share

with you more curiosity.

And then we go to this kitchen thing, right?

This is a metabolism killer. This is a metabolism killer.

This is a metabolism killer. This is a metabolism killer.

Okay? Repetitive curiosity.

Each time there's something that's like, looks like a jar

of peanut butter, looks like a jar

of mayonnaise or salad dressing.

Looks like it's some kind of cooking oil or whatever it is.

Um, if you're over 40

and bring it on the treadmill endlessly

and eating sos all day just to lose a few pounds, just stop

and listen to what I'm about to tell you.

I mean, how many times now in the first like 30 seconds

of the ad, have we seen 'em say, just stop

and listen, watch this.

Listen to what I'm about to tell you.

Maybe you should listen to me.

Like watch. It's like f*****g curiosity

and just like telling them repetitively to listen.

Listen, watch, listen. Right? Super interesting.

Um, I wanna talk to you about some, about something

that's been making waves on social media lately.

Okay? Even here, weird image, curiosity hook.

You've probably seen this guy all over your feet claiming

that cutting cars isn't necessary for weight loss.

Um, no need for long hours on the treadmill either.

I know it sounds too good to be true,

but lemme tell you, there's more to this than BCI.

Okay? And then we have Vince for the first time,

he's in the podcast setting, the science

of weight loss was cracked a long time ago.

It's not a trend, it's facts.

Um, follow all those trendy,

all those like trendy fad diets.

All those trendy workouts that you see

online is literally a waste of time.

Why is it a waste of time? I'm curious, okay?

There's already a proven research backed way

to lose weight and keep it off.

Okay? So you've got like a bit of a promise back to Dr.

Drew. I decide to delve into this topic to do some research.

Turns out the sky's somebody trainer.

So there's a bit of credibility here.

I'm not gonna go through every line of the ad

because I want to kind of focus on the

curiosity and stuff like that, right?

But right here he claims

what we've been told about weight loss

is wrong, completely wrong.

And you know what makes a lot

of sense when you listen to what he has to say.

So I'll see something I'm picking up on more

as I do this breakdown is like, even the amount

of ads I have here is adding in more

of watch this, listen to what he has to say.

Watch this. I'm gonna do more of those commands

and the ads that I'm Jerry and Nick make

a note of that too for Opal.

Um, and then it goes to Vince, right?

This is what 10 pounds of fat looks like.

And he's holding those large pieces of wax.

I mean, I made this description, right?

Each one the size of a violin one, each hand, they look red.

But as he is talking to cover the wax switches from red

to yellow flashing on screen, right?

Like even that like curiosity pattern interruption.

Like, so I was calling these like the A

DH ADHD mega hook ads.

'cause they're like just dopamine machines.

It's like constant dopamine supply of like curiosity,

different visuals.

Your brain is being stimulated. Okay?

If you wanna drop this or more, you got

to make your metabolism go from thi take your

metabolism from this to this.

Again, more curiosity.

And he basically is like a, a, a lighter to a blowtorch.

Um, you know, is your body trying to tell you something?

The darkness of your outer ira, the pinkness

of your fingernails, spider veins, your posture,

your weight, your face sh your face

shape, the list goes on and on.

And what impacts these biological markers the most comes

down to two words, visceral fat.

So even here it's like more curiosity. Visceral fat.

What is visceral fat curiosity.

Okay, he explains a bit of what it it is here.

How do we get rid of visceral fat? Okay.

Uh, that's a lot easier. You might think stopped running on

the treadmill every single day for trying to lose weight.

Or I'm gonna jump in this pole, right?

There's that crazy pattern interrupt.

And by the way, this is, um,

it is like the pool in my old house in Vegas.

'cause Vince is my old house. So the whole

Adam see my old house in it.

So it's sad, but um, yeah, I agree.

Uh, aina for sure.

I mean, I think part of the reason this works

is the people jumping around.

So I'll show you guys like, you know,

we can, I'll, I'll come back to that in a minute.

But I agree. Um, both AI is pretty easy to do that.

That's the thing. We have our, our editor guy, uh,

and he's basically, I'm writing ad scripts

that are like essentially jumping off from different people

and he's just using AI

and our guy's like, I don't know, like two grand a month

or something like that for like a hundred

ads a month or something crazy.

And, uh, so if you find the right person,

it's like not very expensive

or hard to have somebody just like pumping out ads like this

with different people on screen, lot

of different images, all that kind of stuff.

Um, cardio burn spat, right? Wrong, you know.

So again, I don't know if I, it is

not worth or not worth that.

I don't know to be succinct.

I'm not gonna go through the entire ad.

I will share this with you guys so you have it

and it'll have, um, I mean he's doing like by,

she's doing like three to five a day.

I think this goes down to like maybe,

I think there's maybe seven without screenshots,

maybe five voice screenshots.

There's a couple spelt ones v shred

ones I'm gonna keep adding to it.

So I'm sure if you guys as an add to it.

But the big, big takeaways are like, again, the visual,

obviously the visual hooks constantly,

the just endless hooks and curiosity.

Um, and then you could also add in

the commands of like, watch this.

You need to watch this, you need to listen to this.

Maybe wanna hear what I have to say, right?

So I just keep seeing

and there's a lot of ads that like start that way

and then don't then kind of give up.

Like I know we had, um, I go to some

of our swipes and swipe builder.

Of course. I'm sure I can find one

that I think isn't as strong.

Or was it, I had one I saw.

I think this Healthy back institute one might be an example.

I'm gonna place for a second. Uh,

lemme see if this is like a good example

of not or no, nevermind.

That one was good. If I put in there for him,

I got the potential, like this is a weird black hat looking

one for like h HP awards that Nick

or somebody put into our maybe for BA year one.

Um, I decided not to go to BA year.

But like, if you start with the, the images is not bad,

but if you look at the hooks on

this, like, I'll just play it for a second, right?

This is the fastest way to eliminate HPV

and genital warts.

There is a simple and natural solution that anyone can use

to eliminate HPV at home.

Did you know you can treat HPV without resorting

to cauterization or expensive medications?

Most people don't realize this,

but the real cause of genital warts

and HPV lesions isn't just on the surface of the skin.

It's in the deeper layers where the virus truly resides.

Researchers at Harvard University discovered

that HPV hides in the innermost layers of the skin.

So you see the difference.

I mean, again, it's like a weird ai,

probably some black hat like ad or whatever offer.

But like, it has like a little bit

of curiosity at the beginning in the video, any app ad,

but it doesn't just sort of keep going with hook

after hook, after hook, after hook, right?

Um, and meanwhile, if you kind of look at like some

of these, uh, like, like Salgan does the same thing.

So if we do the first, like we'll just do the first minute

or two of this ad, okay?

Don't drink. I may have done this before,

but we're gonna do it again if you see it.

'cause it's important to see the,

the difference, right? Correct. Drink

Fruit smoothies. First

thing in the morning before watching this, did

You know that grapes are loaded with sugar?

Hold on. Bananas are sugar bombs stop.

So don't concern yourself with fruit sugars

and learn what foods to add for faster weight loss results.

And the bramlin is a really great digestive enzyme.

Really, really, really good for healing.

We're gonna drink it like a tea.

How about if you add the same banana

and the cinnamon to a smoothie

and health burn even more fat?

Yes, combos are what matters the most. I

Started with that and I lost like

seven pounds that first week.

And I thought, oh my gosh,

I haven't lost seven pounds in a week. Ever

Said, well, what do I have to lose?

And my stomach went down, lost over 40

pounds and kept it off.

I am down 75 pounds. Now,

Do you wanna know what happens when you drink one

tablespoon of turmeric before you poop?

Do you know what happens when you

mix turmeric with ginger? Have

You ever seen this Lady?

And then there's good old Adam, right?

I'm pretty sure it's Adam. Um, so,

but again, so you see the difference between

the spot ad v shred ad

and then the black hat, like general award ad.

Um, you know, it's like there's a hook

and then it just sort of stops, right?

Um, and so that's what I'm most curious about is like,

how do I just layer in these hooks?

And so if you go back to what I showed at the start, that's

where like when I have it sharing, like, okay,

here's a bunch of different hooks,

we can layer into the ads right away.

Like, okay, that's a good start

and I think I can continue to refine this process

and prove it, make it have, um, you know,

like different speakers, whatever it is.

But it's a pretty solid start here for sure. Okay?

Um, okay, cool.

So how do we start generating a lot of hooks?

What I was thinking about was like, okay, if I go

to write ads, you know, and I was torn

between showing you guys like the cloud project at the end

and show how to do the hooks first or, or vice versa.

But I'll kind of like go to the cloud project

for a minute, right?

So all that's in here. I'll, I'll go through the

instructions and stuff shortly.

It is the ad breakdowns I shared with you,

not the visual ones, but um, just like the,

the non-visual ones.

I think there's like seven in this one.

And then there's this quarter like sort

of hook database, right?

Where basically I created a bunch of hooks for skincare,

foral beauty, and I just put them in

here and that's all I've got so far.

And I would update this file, um, et cetera. Yeah.

So honestly say I'll basically share this document

with you guys so you'll have it, it's gonna keep me an added

to, so I might, you know, ours up being longer,

but may I'll, I'll share periodically.

But basically, you know, this,

you guys will have, uh, shared with all of you.

Yeah. Because that's what you need it

to create this cloud project, which I

want you all to be able to create anyway.

And then the hooks, okay? So then once you have that,

you have instructions which are fairly, you know,

they're not crazy long, but a little long.

And I'll show you, we'll go back to that a little bit.

Um, right? How do we generate hook? Okay?

So you all know I love deep research.

So what I did here, and I'm gonna share all of these things

with you, I'm gonna share these documents too, right?

Is I basically went for deep research.

I said I'm gonna share transcripts of,

for several direct response video ads that run on meta.

They're annotate to share what's happening on a screen

during different segments of the ad.

What I want you to really pay attention to,

however, is how much curiosity there is specifically,

there are a ton of hooks throughout the VSL.

It's constantly keeping the viewer interested and intrigued.

In fact, I refer to this style of ad

as an A DHD super hook ad, okay?

That has put, like in this case I put like five

'cause best your finished call more today.

Um, so I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show you Matthew.

This is, this is just the prompt first of all,

and I actually ran it in four different places.

Um, so I'll show you the different outputs so you can see

what I got from Perplexity Rock, uh, open AI

and Gemini as well.

Um, okay, so let's do, let's get

to your research assignment.

I want you to do is leverage social media signals,

beauty blogs, health and wellness blogs

and other websites to come up with

as many different hook driven statements

and questions as you can for a skincare brand

that targets women 35 plus.

This can be based on training skincare routines

and rituals, beliefs the market has, et cetera.

The product of skincare brand doesn't, uh, the products,

I didn't even write this in cohort English.

I have to audit like, um, I should say the product,

the skincare brand sell

or the products the skincare brand sells.

Uh, doesn't matter, uh,

because your only focus

is coming up with tons of different hooks.

That great curiosity and keep people glued

to the video ad script.

It said though, here's some general pain points.

In this case I did like, you know, once for skincare,

how come up as many relevant hook, uh, driven questions

and statements, uh,

that can be used in video ads is possible.

Note that this was, I was,

I didn't get the best sleep last

night and you can see it now.

I'm looking at all these typos I had note that

for these statements, they can come from a UGC person,

a spokesperson of the brand, et cetera.

You need to come up with who the speaker is

though for all the statements.

I'm mostly interested in pure hooks and curiosity. Okay?

So, and then you'll, you'll see that in a minute.

But basically for perplexity, and you'll see why,

because I'm gonna show you the example outputs

or the exam outputs I got in a minute.

Um, I basically had a similar one I couldn't do.

Um, it was, it didn't read the PDFI had.

So I tried turning that prompt into A PDF

and it was too long when I had all the ad examples.

So I basically just took like a few hook

that I got from other LMS and put them here for examples.

Um, and so you'll see that shortly as well.

But let me show you guys the output.

So basically I'm gonna show you guys the different lms,

then we can kind of go through the hooks that we got.

But like, um, we'll start with rock. Okay?

I tried using rock.

You can see the prompt here.

Make the screen bigger, right?

Obviously it's a long ass prompt.

And what I found is like, I, by the way,

what I would do when you start doing this right,

is create a Google doc and have it be like

make it hook database, right?

And then basically every time you see a hook from any

of these that you liked, copy

and paste it into what you would call like

your hook database, right?

Where you have like hooks here. Okay?

Um, so I feel like Rock had,

you know, a few interesting ones.

I'll give you the spoiler. Perplexity was

by far the best actually for the initial hooks.

Um, so grok had like, yo, do you know

that sleeping in your stomach can cause wrinkles?

How they find out how to sleep for better skin?

So I didn't, you know, I don't need

to close the loop on this.

And I actually ended up making a prompt that modifies this.

You'll see this in a second. Um,

we're like, okay, that's kind of interesting.

Um, you know, kind of did a lot of like research,

uh, you know, what's the number one ingredient to look

for an anti-Asian cream salt?

You think? Okay, that's all right. Um,

are you using the wrong type of sunscreen?

Okay, that could be good, right?

As a question, the big thing with the AI is what I'm,

what I noticed out the gate for a lot of them is like,

is trying to like close the loop every time.

It was basically they're all trying to write them

as like fascinations

or curiosity bullets where I'm like, I almost don't need it.

I don't need that, right? Um,

and so grok was sort of like whatever, had a couple, okay,

ones, um, like 55,000 of these things open, uh,

Gemini, you have to export to a document

if I find a Gemini thing too.

Um, but you know, I did this whole analysis

'cause that's what Gemini does,

does this stuff about pain points.

Okay, great. Um, talks about some ingredients.

I'm trying to remember like which ones we even here

because I kind of went on,

it's easier to do it when I'm in Gemini.

Um, it did have,

I mean there's parts of these you can take, right?

Like the simple trick will bring and dep puff in minutes.

Um, let's see.

Yeah, you can take like, yo, the secret ingredient

for youthful skin might already be in your kitchen.

So again, part of your job is to like take what AI gives you

and kind of be like, okay, how can I like, uh, you know,

do it better, but make, get to perplexity.

'cause I had never, I sat for perplexity today.

I never was like a big perplexity user

and I thought it actually did the best job overall.

So same prompt in perplexity four hours ago, right?

Um, and then right away perplexity, I used deep research.

I was like, all right, here's 120

curiosity, uh, driving hooks.

So like, oh s**t, this is way better than

what a call Gemini or Grop, right?

Um, do you know the direction you sleep

could be adding gears to your face?

Um, the number one mistake women make when applying

anti-real cream is in the amount, it's the timing.

Like, okay, that's kind of interesting.

Um, you know, some

of them wording wise aren't great, but the ideas are okay.

Um, stop massaging your face.

Like this is creating more wrinkles and it's solving.

Okay, that's not bad. Um, I don't think the blue white one

for me personally, Japanese women have been using the street

art kitchen ingredient to fight wrinkles for centuries.

Okay? Um, this is why your mother has fewer wrinkles

and you do, it was probably a little bit too aggressive.

Kind of funny. Uh, the collagen destroying habit, 87%

of women do every morning without realizing it.

Uh, and it really, I mean, just kept going.

So for what it's worth, perplexity definitely had,

um, the best ones, right?

Stop micro craving food and plastic,

if you care about your skin's elasticity.

Uh, the shocking connection between hard water

and persistent facial redness.

I don't know if that persistent facial redness,

but like, you know, uh, hard water

and your wrinkles is kind of what you're seeing, right?

Or whatever the pain point is, uh, the link

between your launch detergent

and accelerated skin aging, right?

That's interesting, right? They have surprising cause folks,

which are really interesting,

the three household items slightly damaging

your skin's bare every day.

Um, perplexity like nailed it. Honestly.

I was really, uh, pleased with how perplexity did here.

Um, and then what I did is the next step, just so you know,

is so basically I took all these, put them into like a,

my little like hook database, right?

Like, so I sort of like took ones from perplexity,

ones from Uroc, uh, OpenAI actually kind of sucked too.

I can show you guys the output, but I really struggled

to have it had a few, each of them had like a few good ones.

Um, but I sort of like took ones I liked

and started pointing them into my little

hook database document, right?

Um, what I did next is I'm like, all right, cool.

Like I went ahead and compiled a list. I like, um, review.

These can come with even more. And

it did.

Sorry, actually, where's the answer here?

They had, it had some more like, you know,

why your expensive night cream

might be working against you while you sleep.

The surprising connection between your gut health

and these stubborn forward wrinkles is your pillowcase.

You could sabotaging your skincare routine.

So it gave you a lot, a lot to work with here.

So it was okay. Um,

but anyway, now let show you how I decided

how I got even more hooks, right?

So I had this initial list of hooks.

I'm like, cool, I tried asking you for more hooks here.

Some of 'em were okay, they weren't amazing.

And again, you're gonna replay, you're gonna get all

the documents and all that kind stuff.

You're gonna, this basically the whole Google driver.

So hooray, okay? So like, how do we get even more hooks?

Okay? So basically

what I did is I took my, my hook database.

I had like below are several hooks

and curiosity driven statements

that can be used in video ads for a skincare brand.

I copy and pasted a bunch of hooks.

I already had, I think I might have added even,

I think I added more after I

ran this prompt, to be honest with you.

So I don't think it was quite this many at the start.

Um, I said, please notice

that a lot of this is, this is the part.

Um, going back to the fascinations.

I added, I added this, I put this here.

I think it's actually important for the prompt.

I said, please notice that a lot of the hooks

or curiosity statements are just like snippets.

They're not fascination. Curiosity bullets.

This is what I'm looking for right now.

Because in a video ad with a bunch of speakers, a lot

of the hooks will be really fragmented.

Speaker one might say, this is

how often you should really be washing your face.

And then a different speaker right

after might say, what about sunscreen?

And a few lines later in the ad, another person might say,

is your pillowcase acceler your wrinkles?

So imagine that you're just writing phrases, hooks

and curiosity statements that can be

injected throughout different ads.

They only to be closed loop.

Many can be more open-ended, like the first half

of a puzzle, but not the completed puzzle.

Please generate as many new hooks

and curiosity driven, uh, statements as you can.

Okay? And then the two that actually be the best for this,

interestingly enough, um, were Gemini

and GPT 4 0 1 Pro.

So I'll show you the outputs. And by the way, I know if,

if any of you are in here like, oh,

like you have to switch around to models.

It's like, dude, I switch between models constantly.

I'm completely agno agnostic.

I'll run the same deep research prompts in three different,

four different deep research things.

I'll switch models. I really feel like you have to right now

because they're just different.

And every single time you can run the same prompt in four

different LLMs and you'll get different outputs.

And like the one that's the best outputs is

consistently not the same one.

Um, you know, for copy Quad is still pretty good, uh,

like probably still better than all

the other ones on average.

But as far as like generation, idea generation, things like

that, um, I just like to run a couple.

So, uh, Gemini's Advanced

2.5 Pro Experimental, lemme update that.

'cause I think I put, uh, two point oh's, 2.5 pro to metal,

um, which is like one of their most advanced models.

So it's literally just copy and paste what I shared here.

Uh, they did, I thought a pretty good job.

They had a lot of hooks. Uh, you know,

what if I told you your shower routine is aging you faster?

I think there's, you know,

obviously you could, you can mess with that.

Aging your face faster, something like that, right?

Um, those one.

But I did a good job of understanding like fragments

and things like that, which is actually important

because like a la we want,

it's just like different curiosity based language.

We're trying to break it down almost, right?

Um, you know, I think you know how to exfoliate thing again,

exploiting too much can actually, uh,

the real reason your skin feels tight

after cleansing tight skin isn't a good sign.

It means your moisturizer might be working against you.

If, um, the surprising truth about oil three products, uh,

is your skin actually oily or is it just dehydrated?

Dehydrated skin? Looks like the one thing your

skin creates is more than moisture.

Uh, forget 10 step routines. This is the core.

I mean, I don't like this part really.

Um, some of 'em aren't good, but a lot of them are.

So I started copy and pasting some of them in, right?

Um, the surprising foods that trigger skin inflammation.

What about sugar and skin aging, right?

I thought that was actually pretty good.

I I think I, I, I added one

that was like, what about sugar and wrinkles?

Or does eating sugar cause wrinkles?

Um, and so

you could see it basically gave a lot of hooks, right?

Some of them got like a little

whatever to me, but like a lot of 'em were good.

And then Chad, GPT 4 0 1 Pro,

same thing, same exact prompt, same thing here.

Gimme about 70 right off the bat. Took a little bit longer.

Um, you know, stop washing your face in the shower

and until you hear this, that's a good hook, right?

If I go actually like what V shred is doing,

and like some experts on there, you know,

stop washing your face in the shower

until you hear this, right?

Um, not all of them are good, but some of them are right.

You have to kind of pick and choose using your judgment.

Um, I like, is

that natural Facebook creating micro shares?

You can't see yet. I, I put it into my document as like, uh,

is that natural face scrub creating micro tears?

Uh, I just put like that period. Question mark.

Um, this one nutrient deficiency

shows up on your face first.

Have you noticed the science? It's kind of interesting.

Um, are you layering your skincare in the wrong order?

Some of them, like, I don't like a lot of questions,

but basically like, anyway, if you go through them, uh,

I mean eye cream is face tapping, taping and Botox.

Almost this one invisible layer under your skin, right?

That's good for us. Um, so you can kind of go through

and just take the ones, wait, does your skin have a bedtime?

It's actually good. I don't have that in my,

I I don't think I added some of these to my hook list.

I actually like that, right? Um, so you can go

through and you can be like, all right, cool.

Do another a hundred, right?

And so if you start doing this, you know,

you have your initial looks

or looks, hooks from using deep

research, probably I would go perplexity.

Then you take the prompt that I shared with you

and now like, you know, so you basically take the hooks

that you created with deep research.

You have those now you run this prompt.

Now you have a ton more you can add to here

for if you wanna run the prompt in the future,

but you've also got your little hooks

database, so to speak, right?

And now we're just gonna set up our cloud project.

I feel like I'm going fast. I'm actually going

through this a lot faster than I thought I would.

So, um, the cloud project is what I started with.

Uh, obviously I hope you can see by the way, uh, that

you could do the same thing for any, anything.

Again, there's people on here who do

biz op who do other things, right?

You clearly don't. It doesn't have to be just

for a skincare thing.

Just go back to number one real quick for one second.

Um, actually, sorry, you want number two, right?

Deep research. I mean, literally just be like, you know,

when you get down to like the, uh, instruction part

after all the ad examples, not long ways for,

you know, leverage, blah, blah, blah, blah.

You could, you know, we change made beauty blogs, health

and wellness blogs, whatever, um, similar questions

for, you know, whatever it is.

Like for, uh, you know, people looking

to generate additional income who are 35 plus women

and stay-at-home moms, right?

Or people looking to get rid of unwanted facial hair

or like, or women who wanna get rid

of unwanted facial, right?

Whatever. It's um, yeah, you modify this part a little bit.

Um, product the

blank brand sell doesn't matter, right?

You change that part, you change many different pain

points here.

Um, and that's it, right? And then you can run that.

You get the hooks, you run the next one. The same thing.

Okay? So onto the quad project when

I set it up, they ask you, what are you trying to achieve?

The goal is to write hook heavy met ads.

So I want these ads to follow

what I call an A DHD Super hook framework.

What this means is

that the ads will have numerous hooks

throughout, including several in the beginning.

In fact, the first 30 seconds

of the ad especially should jump around a good amount.

As we go write these ads, I want

to incorporate numerous hooks into them.

As mentioned, I also want to incorporate

what I would call curiosity driven statements.

Curiosity driven statements would be statements, uh,

that are like hooks.

Second are like hooks,

but could be anywhere in the video ad

and typically wouldn't, uh, be in question format.

Okay? So that's what I did for the thing here, right?

Project knowledge.

And again, you're gonna, this, you can just copy

and paste this in so you can just do the same thing

for your own projects, right?

The goal is to write hook heavy meta ads for a

blank brand, right?

Um, same thing about the A DH ADHD super hook framework.

I wanna incorporate numerous hooks.

Uh, I kind of mentioned what the

curiosity statement things were above.

You'll see that document number one is ca Pro copy

of ad breakdowns in depth.

You'll get that so you can upload

to quad this quad This has in depth breakdowns

of successful ads from other brands.

You'll notice how heavy, how hook heavy they are,

especially the openings of how they also incorporate visual

elements that are used to continuously hook people in two.

Um, I word two there, but whatever.

Then you'll see that I've already included a book of hooks.

I'm like, bad I'm tired. Lot type.

Um, a what do you call it?

A uh, list of hooks

and curiosity driven statements as a second document.

That document is settled for ca Pro version hook database.

You'll be tasked at various times.

Now, again, you would not do this one,

you would do your own hook database, right?

Having done the previous processes

to generate all the hooks, you can call whatever you want.

Bob's Hook database, right?

Um, you'll be tasked at various times.

We're coming up with new hooks

and curiosity statements, coming up

with new ad concepts and writing new ads.

Um, this is actually a really good important thing

for the instructions that I was really happy I added.

'cause otherwise I was having to do it manually

when it was doing outputs.

Here's saying very important unless

I specifically ask you for it.

When writing ads do not talk about the product and the ad.

Instead, I want, uh,

to tease a breakthrough solution ritual and call.

And the call to action is you need to watch this

or check out this video, et cetera.

We're basically selling the click, meaning we want

to sell them on clicking the link, which will take them

to the VSL and sell the product on that page.

Also, when writing ads, your goal is to incorporate

numerous hooks into the opening and also throughout.

We will also include what I call curiosity driven statements

where it's not a question, but a statement from the speaker

could be a UGC person, a doctor, an AI, voiceover,

et cetera, that has curiosity heavy

and catches someone's attention.

Um, okay, so that was the setup

and then you saw the initial prompt and outputs here.

Um, by the way, if you wanna experiment with it,

one thing I might do for this is go back to

what we said about you also notice

that they're saying you need

to see this, you need to watch this.

We incorporate this language throughout.

I might experiment with adding that to my instructions

for this and see

and, you know, start a new, uh,

conversation within the project

and see, you know, if it adds up more.

If I like that because I, when the nice thing about projects

is like I can just be minimal with my, my, my prompts.

I don't have to explain all this context and s**t

'cause I already did it on the project level,

which is really helpful, right?

So as you can see the prompt here, we're gonna write new ads

for our skincare brand, apple Beauty.

I'm going to upload the first half of the VSL.

I'll talk about why I did that a second.

So you get a little bit more context.

Your goal is to write ads that are hook heavy, have tons

of curiosity, leverage the hook database

and ultimately sell the click to the VSL.

We're also going to make all the ads, if you want,

three minutes long for now to start.

You can give me 10 ad concepts

where you include the different hooks

to be mentioned in the first 30 seconds.

Can you do that? I'll then

choose and have you rate ads here.

One little note, I can't remember.

I said this at the beginning of the call

or not, is like I decided to just do the first half

because one thing I've noticed with Quad

and LLMs is like if you give it the whole VSL

and like it includes or you know, a sales page

or whatever it is, if you're basically anti,

if you're trying to write ads and you're not trying

to talk about the product in the ad,

but the VSL spends like half the VSL is selling the product

and saying the name and talking about the ingredients

and all of that, it's like really hard for the LLM

to not also want to like to to, to grab onto that.

So I basically just took the first half that goes

through the unique mechanism and has like the promises

and the spokesperson and all of that.

And then I just turned that to a PDF f

and uploaded that rather than giving it the whole VSL

and I, I think that was like a good move

and I would probably do that as a best practice if I was

ever using the VSL

or a long form sales page or whatever it is.

Obviously if you were writing ads where you want

to talk about the product in the ad,

you would change the instructions a little bit, right?

And then you would also, you wouldn't, isn't,

you wouldn't say, uh, don't mention the product, right?

'cause you won't mention the product. Okay, cool.

No problem, right? Uh,

and you know, maybe you give a, a full sales page

or if it's like A-A-P-D-F

of like an e-comm page or whatever it is.

Cool, no worries, right?

Um, and then for, I don't know if you came in late, sorry,

I kind already went through all these, right?

But you can kind of see how again, it was sort

of giving me the different options.

Has a bunch of hooks in them, right?

So it's really getting that we need to be hook heavy

and you say, okay, great, go start writing ads.

You know. So we looked at a couple of these before.

Um, like the lifestyle culprit one,

you know, this one I like.

So, um, I don't think I read

this full one at the beginning of the call.

Stop washing your face in the shower until you hear this.

Stop micro breathing food in plastic.

If you care about your skin's elasticity, here's

what water, how bar does your skin.

But no, this one was good. I

think it was number, number 10 maybe.

Was it number 10? Oh, maybe not.

I was thinking, I was wondering if this one was two a DD

almost where it seems like it jumps around a bit,

but honestly I probably still test it.

I probably just go really hard on the hooks, right?

Um, this was the Switzerland I had

and then again, what's nice is, uh, the

massaging your face one, right?

And then I guess everyone who came in

late, I'm like, all right, cool.

Gimme 10 more concepts, right?

Invisible junction, morning mirror shock,

the Botox alternative, the skin layer separation, um,

the aging time bomb, the overnight transformation

I'm gonna do, I'll just do a couple and we'll end the call.

I'll answer questions on the call, right? Like, um, right?

Please do concept

number 15 now, right?

So do 15 and like maybe 16.

Hopefully Claude continues to cooperate.

I know it's being a little bit intermittent today.

Okay, so does eating loss

of sugar make your wrinkles make wrinkles worse?

The answer isn't what you think these three foods.

Now one thing I might give instructions on right, is, okay,

like do how many different women UGC, 1, 2, 3, whatever.

But for now it's fine. These three foods are triggering

your skin's aging time bomb.

Your skin's aging

accelerator might be in your kitchen right now.

I probably would be like, uh, this like, uh, this aging,

this aging accelerator

for your skin might be in your kitchen right now.

Um, doctor,

the microscopic aging balm in your skin that activates after 40.

It might be like, doctor, you know,

there's actually this microscopic aging balm in your skin

that activates after 40, right?

I might, I, I'd modify this a little bit so

that there's a little bit more flow versus it feeling

just like so a, d, d.

But um, you know, overall, like you get a lot of hooks,

again, you might, I might edit this out.

Um, for years I blamed my diet for my aging skin.

I cut out sugar, dairy, even gluten.

Um, but my I star sugars, some puffy bags and it got worse.

But if a really aging time bomb, I nothing to do.

I, I just don't like the idea of aging time bomb.

So I probably get a little bit of feedback on this one.

Um, I do your diet as a physician.

I've seen countless patients eliminate entire

food groups in hopes of looking younger.

The truth is, while nutrition matters,

there's a hidden time bomb in your skin

that no diet can diffuse,

but around 40 okay, starts to explain stuff when, uh,

when I discovered what was really going on

with my skin, everything changed.

But it's kind of good. It's still trying

to do more hooks throughout here, right?

Um, so anyway, I would probably do some edits

for this one, but it's okay.

Let's do number 16 now too.

Let's see, do number 16 out and then I'll stop

after this one and answer questions.

I mean, continuously for like the last several years,

the biggest mistake I see with people who like

when they're using AI is like when they don't edit anything.

Like the way I look at it is like sometimes

it'll just be a perfect output.

You don't have to edit anything, but a lot of time it's like

really is like 98% of the way there.

But there's a common sense tweaks you would make

that if you're reading out loud though, it makes sense.

So the biggest thing is just like actually

making those little tweaks, right?

All right, you hot water to wash your face at night.

Hold on. Um, what you do in the 30 minutes

before bed determines how your eyes will look tomorrow.

I might have the doctor say that

instead of the woman, right?

Um, the night routine

that transformed my eyes in just 14 days.

Uh, the evening mistake

that cancels out your expensive aggregate.

So again, I might give it some instructions here like, hey,

like we need slightly better transitions.

Um, like, you know, I don't know, maybe not you can test

where it's just like hook after hook after hook,

but I might have 'em be a little bit more

better for transitions here.

Uh, but I'd rather it have like something to work with

that's giving me just all of these hooks

and stuff like that, um, versus like something

that isn't gonna be any of that and then I can edit on it.

So I feel like the first couple are good.

I, it's funny is it's gone longer.

Some of these seem like they're a little bit more.

I mean, I would do, let's see, um,

like, uh, how do I say it?

You did good job with load up the

opening with hook sounds, repetitive, whatever.

Um, I do think we need, uh,

some better transitions, uh, between some

of the hook.

So, um,

let's focus on better transitions between

book two and three and between three

and four, uh, in the opening.

Right?

Also said, I think the best system

to make this work effectively is create a library

of pre created hooks and then have editors

or a creative director shuffle

hooks to create winning combos.

Yeah. As far as implementation goes, I think

so I think once you have, I mean a bunch of like hooks

and stuff like we're doing, um, I'll show you this

after I, let's see how I improve it.

Like, um,

see this is kind of annoying.

I, it's not bad. Again, I, I,

I'd rather just actually rewrote it instead of like, um,

doing this part like,

but anyway, I don't get the weeds on it.

This is where you can play a bit more.

But I think like again, at, at the very least hopefully this

has the wheels turning as far

as like obviously the dissection of the V shred ad

and then also like going through how

to generate a ton of different hooks.

And then this is where I'm at

with this cloud project process, which again, some

of the ads I actually thought were quite good.

Um, and just see a little bit of editing

and obviously from there you can edit more

and then I'll share, gimme one second.

I'm show you how we're doing this with Opal.

I get to that page,

I will find it here where the ads, um, gimme a second.

I know I'm not sharing because I'm trying

to pull up the little page.

We have the doc we use by to, um,

so I'll kind of show you guys what we're doing here.

So we sort of have that point like a

database where we're working on these.

So like we're generating like the ads so you can see

what lead it is, like the hook, like

what hook id it is, right?

The creative name, which ones are winners, which ones aren't

so far, stuff like that.

Um, and we've got our sort of like script database

for like the different scripts.

Um, lead database. I think this hasn't been gotten updated.

And then some of like the hook database.

So we're trying to track all that.

And then the idea there is that as we're going,

obviously we can like, you know, modularly combine stuff.

This was the winner, take these hook, take these leads.

So, um, yeah, I mean I think you do need to be organized

as you start to scale and you're running a lot of, you know,

testing off ads and all that kind of stuff.

But, um, but yeah. Um, okay. I know that was a lot.

Like I said, I'll give everyone access to the, uh,

the Google drive of the different, you know,

documents and prompts and everything.

You'll have the replay as well.

Um, I guess I have questions based on what I shared here

and I'm gonna keep doing it

'cause I want to get, like, I want to

to write even better ads

so we can just keep pumping them out for skincare.

'cause we have this good video editor dude now,

but I wanna like just pump s**t out.

Um, anyone, are you all just like,

Jesus, you talked fast today, bro.

Chill out.

I'm curious about that last document.

Um, yeah, you're, you're using that to document

how you're testing those hooks,

but how are you doing that if you're stacking 15,

20 hooks together in an ad

and uh, how do you show that which one is good,

which one is winning and which one is not?

Yeah, that's a good question.

I mean, I don't know that we have it down

to like the hooks specifically.

It's more like, I think right now like where, okay,

this ad had a bunch of hooks, it's a winner

and so then we might test like the variant for like, okay,

like this new one stacks these hooks in this order

or puts more on top of it.

Um, 'cause it, i if I'm understanding your question

properly, right, I think it would, if what you're kind

of inferring with the question, it'd be really hard

if you're trying to track like there's 10 hooks in like the

beginning of an ad to like know which one was like the right

one and which one was not the right one.

Yeah, I mean we could get that level of granularity,

but um, right now it's more like testing a bunch of hooks

that are working and we just did this for one of our winners

where we basically took that winner

and then we just stacked like three more hooks on top of it

and now we're like gonna see like,

does it do better or worse?

Right? And so we're kind of tracking that way,

but that might evolve too over time, um, as we

are getting more data back I guess.

Yeah, when, when I saw that, my first thought was

having these hooks as a primary text in a meta ad.

I mean it wouldn't do all of them

but like five of 'em is what I think you can put in there

and then, uh, if it's dynamic, maybe the regular ones do

that as well, but you'd be able to see which hooks, uh,

the ones that are written out as primary text

would, uh Right.

Which ones do best, you know?

Yeah, I think that's a good Idea.

Wouldn't do everything but five at a time. Yeah.

Tamir, I saw you unmuted.

I know you have a lot of experience with this. Go ahead.

I think ideally you want to do it gradually.

So you want to do a, a big hook test

and then mix the winners.

So you want to stack to stack.

So this visual ad that we saw, it's each

of this hook even in a minute, uh, 40, uh, it used

to be uh, uh, winning hook on a video.

So almost each of these parts used to be a winner,

uh, at certain points.

So you want to test hooks and then take the winners

and start mixing them.

So the way we we thought about it is just, uh, we went

by data, not by the, the copywriting, right?

So we went by just taking the winners, mixing them.

You put two winners together

and it's probably gonna be better.

Yeah. Yeah, that makes, makes perfect sense. Thanks.

Yeah. Way better said than me.

And I mean that's Kyle, what we're doing,

like we mostly ads here haven't been hook caveat yet,

but now I'm writing some, I am probably being a little bit

greedy 'cause I'm trying to just like put a bunch

of f*****g hooks in some of these ads

and I feel cocky like I can make it work.

But even if that works to your point, we'd probably, yeah,

rather than we would add 10 more on top if we have like,

if we have like five really good hooks in the first

whatever, how many seconds of an ad like, you know,

60 seconds of an ad, um, we, yeah,

we wouldn't go take like 10 more hooks

and put 'em on top of it.

We'd add one more at a time or two.

You know, we kind of do it more gradually, um,

and then we see those are winning but another ad.

Right? For sure. It may makes a ton of sense

and I appreciate you sharing that.

Um, Nick, you said you basically find winning ads

and then test single hooks on top of winning ads

and create variation of tests regardless if the winning

ad has multiple hooks already.

Yeah, I think that makes sense. Cool.

Um, I mean it's good as I'll have real life data soon here.

Um, for like, I wrote a bunch of additional hook heavy ads,

uh, that do have several.

I'm stacking to see if my arrogance is well founded or not.

So, um, I'll share the results of those with you guys.

Some of those ads 'cause they're,

they're like this a DD style, so

we'll see if they crush, great.

If not, I'll let you know too.

Um, anybody have anything else before we wrap here?

Say going once, going twice, going three times. All right.

Well, we'll wrap. Um, but I will make sure

that everything I shared gets into the Google

Drive so you can play around with it.

And then, uh, like I said, I'm gonna keep messing

with the quad processes a bit, so if I get a better version

of that project that I think is even better, I will,

which I'm sure I can, I think is a little

fine tuning of the instructions.

I'll share that as an update for everybody too.

But besides that, I'm gonna have a great rest of your day

and, uh, we'll talk soon.

Thanks guys and gals. Thank you. Thank you.