Alright, so we're gonna get into actually producing

endless VSLs pretty soon here.

But, before we do that, there is one last really important thing

I want to talk about. And that is the

difference, or some differences between in-feed VSLs

and on-page VSLs. Uhm,

you know, in-feed is obviously VSLs that are being run as Facebook

ads. So,

I'm sure I've talked about this in other places in this course by now.

But, like, oh my god, I always ghost this,

like, people for some reason. Uhm,

let's go to, like, Emma Relief, right? And

let's click one of the ads here, let's see.

Their ads are kinda gross to me, but,

like, let's see here. Alright,

let's try, let's watch this one for a minute, okay?

Okay,

look, I know this is gross, we're talking about poop. But here's my point.

If you watch that and what's going on with that,

right, what you're seeing is education.

So,

that whole, I don't have actually, I need to swipe that one,

let me swipe real quick. And that's really true for almost all of these,

most of their ads. I'm just kind of looking,

okay? Now, those look four minutes long,

like, okay, well, what about way longer in feed

VSL?

Where's that other Dachshund I was looking at here?

Let's

see.

What I'm trying to do here, give me a second. They have tons of

stuff, tons of ads, looking at good old Dr. Guntry.

These are their active ads right now. Well,

you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna show you in Swipe Builder, okay?

So this is like an, you know, Facebook ad they were running for a

while. So, longer,

but still in feed, still a Facebook ad.

Again, in feed, you typically are seeing a hook,

or a bunch of hooks, if you watch the kind of ADHD hook ads,

and, uh, you know, the using AI to generate endless good hooks training that

comes right before this one, in RMBC2,

uhm,

so, it's like, hooks, or tons of hooks,

education, you know.

No, there's still curiosity,

we'll do it with this hook, or multiple hooks,

it's curiosity heavy, right? Education,

it's really important, or entertainment,

sometimes both, kind of calling out pain points It's a promising solution,

yeah. Yes, like, do this to get rid of belly fat or bloating overnight,

do this for stuck poop, right? Um,

and then there may be a quick background story, but it often goes right

into the UMP, UMS, product build-up and reveal quotes When I say product

build-up and reveal,

we kind of went through some in-feed ones So product build-up and reveal might

be as simple as quickly introducing the product in the game to a kind

of fairly quick client close, right? Um,

background story may or may not have a ton of stuff,

it might just be like, hey, I'm a doctor, I know what I'm talking

about, right? You saw a bunch of examples of all of this for short,

medium, and even long ones,

right? So the thing

is, if we go back to one of the overarching themes for RBC2,

and the idea of like context.

Um, and the journey of where somebody's going,

right, the context-specific journeys,

um,

talk about how people will be on different journeys, right?

Somebody like I mentioned before, they're on social media,

even on meta, and they're there to like,

talk with friends, watch influencers,

um, you know, consume content,

or to learn. Same thing for YouTube, obviously. Um,

and so, or to be entertained,

find dumb stuff, like dumb memes and things and reels to send to their

significant others, whatever it is. Uh,

and so if that's the case, like, kind of going into like a,

you know, full-on classic VSL doesn't make as much sense.

And so by classic, like, you know,

this is, so we just went through that Gundry one,

but if we go back to like Emma,

right, we're watching that Emma Relief one. Okay.

This thing. Okay, cool. Well,

it's like I said, cool. Like 10 times, whatever. Uh,

now here's like an actual, uh, VSL from, uh, Emma Relief that's on a

landing page. I want you to watch the difference here,

okay? Sorry,

one second. I want to make that bigger,

but because I'm recording to this screen,

I gotta figure out if I can make it, I mean,

it's fine. Maybe a little bit cut off, but it's not gonna be So

right now, already, they're

doing

curiosity.

Hey, today I'm gonna talk about this. I'm gonna talk about this.

It's curiosity, fascinations, right? And

here they're, like, teasing the UMP. Like, they do go into it a little

bit more, but this is not the full UMP.

It's sort of, like, the start of it. They're talking about a clogged colon

that's backed up with poop, basically, right? Uhm,

it goes on for, like, an hour. So,

what they actually are talking about will be,

you know, different. It's hard to speak. Like,

I mean, like, the actual mechanism is different, but, I'll keep going.

So

here, right, oh my gosh, an amplification of the pain points,

all of these pain points. When you watch the in-feed

stuff, the four-minute long ads for Emma,

you didn't see much of that at all,

right? Because it's a different mentality.

They've been, they get educated,

and get, like, bought in to wanting to learn

more, into, like, being curious about the solution,

and all this stuff, right? A seven-second bow releasing ritual.

They click on the ad, now they go to the VSL,

if they're going to VSL. Same thing, by the way, for ecstatic,

sabratorials, VSLs, whatever. Uhm,

now, you do an hour-long VSL,

which, by the way, like, crushes, VSL crushes,

uhm, or at least did, as of very recently,

probably still does, uhm, so it's, like, now you can, you know, now it's

a classic VSL,

which still works, but the mentality is different.

That's what people miss, and you also miss, like, going back to the context-specific

stuff, it's, like, if I were to do,

If

you just do, like, a quick, I mean, it still works, if you just

do a quick ad, like, hey, see this 7-second battle releasing ritual,

click here, and it goes to this, like,

it depends on the demo, but, like, they're kind of less warmed up,

like, the, the educational video ads,

in-feed ads, whatever it is, like, it's almost like a mental warm-up,

it's native to the content they're trying to see, and then you can come

here, and then you can do a full classic VSL, okay?

This is actually really important, though, like,

for example, we have a CAA Pro member who,

kind of, we came to the same conclusion on, because they just basically took

an in-feed VSL that had done pretty well,

put it on to a landing page, the landing page was doing okay,

and then sort of, well, you of the lead, but the engagement for the

end. VSL was, like, pretty good, but on a landing page,

the engagement was like this, and the reason why is because it was sort

of that same education component,

but it wasn't hooking them in enough. There was,

like,

there actually basically was no strong lead on the, there was no classic lead,

right? Like, how we were seeing, like, oh, these pain points,

we're teasing the mechanism, all of the stuff in the classic sales letter outline

I shared, right, like, they were missing all that for the on-page.

Like, you know, on-page, like, in their funnel,

right, like, stephansfunnel.com, like, VSL's here.

And so, that's,

like, the point, like, you can't always take what would be a good infeed

and throw it onto a, uh,

you know, until, like,

take that same VSL, that same infeed VSL, and put it onto the landing

pages of VSL and get the same results.

Like, maybe you'll be able to use a lot of the same VSL,

actually, but, like, especially the lead really needs to be different.

And so, this is a pretty subtle point, but it's actually extremely important.

I've never, I don't, nobody else talks about it, so I feel like this

is low-key, an extremely important video for you to understand.

And I'll keep it short, I'll keep it to this, but, uhm, I just

wanted you to be able to understand that. So,

yeah. So, hopefully it helps, and,

uh, perfect,

thank you.